

User Manual

Developer Portal Manual
Version 2

                                                                                                                                                                   June 2022

1
Contents

1. General Information                                                        05

1.1 Introduction                                                              05

1.1.1 Objectives                                                              05

1.1.2 Scope                                                                   06

1.1.3 Intended Audience                                                       07

1.1.4 Recommended Reading                                                     07

2. Developer Portal Overview                                                  08

2.1 Pre-requisites                                                            08

2.2 Structure / Sitemap                                                       09

2.3 User Journeys                                                             10

2.3.1 Accessing the Developer Portal                                          11

2.3.2 Creating a Developer Portal Account                                     12

2.3.3 Accessing the Compliance and Enablement Toolbox SDK Page                14

2.3.4 Downloading the SDK                                                     16

2.3.5 Using the SDK (outside of the Developer Portal)                         17

2.3.6 Accessing the Compliance and Enablement Toolbox Portal Based Validator  17

2
2.3.7 Using the Compliance and Enablement Toolbox Portal Based Validator       19

2.3.8 Accessing the Integration Sandbox Page                                   21

2.3.9 Accessing the API and associated Documentation (Swagger Files)           23

2.3.10 Step by step guide to make a successful call to APIs                    24

2.3.11 API Summary                                                             51

2.3.12 Accessing the Developer Portal Support Page                             55

3. Change in Security Requirements                                             57

4 Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)                                            58

4.1 Business FAQs                                                              58

4.1.1 Developer Portal Business FAQs                                           58

4.1.2 SDK Business FAQs                                                        60

4.1.3 Compliance and Enablement Toolbox Portal Based Validator Business FAQs   64

4.1.4 Integration Sandbox Business FAQs                                        65

4.2 Technical FAQs                                                             69

4.2.1 Developer Portal Technical FAQs                                          69

4.2.2 SDK Technical FAQs                                                       69

4.2.3 Compliance and Enablement Toolbox Portal Based Validator Technical FAQs  71

4.2.4 Integration Sandbox Technical FAQs                                       72

5 Appendix                                                                     76

3
5.1 Glossary                                                     76

5.2 Developer Portal Security Information                        78

5.3 Generate CSR                                                 78

5.3.1 Initiate a CSR configuration file (Open SSL Config. File)  78

5.3.2 Generate public/private key pair                           81

4
1. General Information

1.1 Introduction

The Developer Portal is a dedicated portal provided by ZATCA for the developers of E-invoicing Generation
Solutions (EGS). It contains two development tools aimed at supporting developers build compliant EGS
units which are:
 TheComplianceandEnablementToolboxSoftwareDevelopmentKit(SDK):anofflinedownloadable

     tool which can be used to validate an XML based e-invoice, credit or debit note files in accordance
     with the ZATCA published requirements, standards and guidelines. It also allows validation of the QR
     codes as per the prescribed structure. Developers can integrate their EGS units with the SDK locally
     (offline) or also test using a Command Line Interface (CLI).
 Integration Sandbox: a test ZATCA backend system which EGS units can integrate with to make API
     calls to simulate and test the Onboarding process followed by the submission of test e-invoices, credit
     and debit notes for Reporting and Clearance in accordance with the ZATCA published requirements,
     standards and guidelines.
In addition to the above, the Developer Portal has a third tool aimed at intermediate or non-technical users
to validate an XML based e-invoice, credit or debit note files from the portal directly. This is referred to as
the Compliance and Enablement Toolbox Portal Based Validator.
Finally, the Developer Portal has a dedicated support page containing a list of Frequently Asked Questions
(FAQs) to help developers troubleshoot during development and testing of their EGS units as well as
provide guidance on E-invoicing requirements in general.

1.1.1 Objectives

The primary objective of the Developer Portal is to support the Developer community in building EGS units
that are compliant with ZATCA's XML implementation standards as well as the Security Features and
Implementation Standards.

5
 The objective of the SDK is to ensure that XML e-invoices, credit or debit notes being generated by the
     EGS units are compliant

 The objective of the Web based validator is to allow less or non-technical users to be able to independently
     validate the compliance of XML e-invoices, credit or debit notes and share the results with their developers.

 The objective of the Integration Sandbox is to test the EGS units / solutions / applications are able to
     integrate with a test ZATCA backend system via APIs covering the following:
           Submit a test Certificate Signing Request (CSR) to obtain a test Compliance Cryptographic
               Stamp Identifier (CCSID) and test Request ID
           Submit a test Request ID to obtain a test Production CSID
           Submit test Standard Documents using the test Clearance API (or using a variant of the test
               Reporting API to mimic the process when Clearance is turned off)
           Submit Simplified Documents using the Reporting API

1.1.2 Scope
This user manual acts as a guide for Developers in order to help them access and use the Developer
Portal features and functionalities. It explains in detail the user journey including steps, requirements and
processes needed for accessing the Developer Portal. Moreover, it provides guidance for the relevant
technical aspects and methods to be used to solve common issues that might be faced by the Portal users.
This document covers the following functionalities that are of relevant to the Developer Portal:

 Accessing the Developer Portal
           Website address and browsers supported
           Main dashboard elements

 Registration for the Developer Portal
           Functionalities that require registration
           Authentication and verification process

 Log in to the Developer Portal
           Entering user credentials
           Password reset / Forget Password
           Successful log in

6
 Accessing and downloading the Compliance and Enablement Toolbox SDK
           Understanding of the SDK and how to use it
           Downloading the SDK

 Accessing and using the Web Based Validator
           Understanding of and the use of the Web Based Validator
           Validating XMLs directly on the Web Based Validator
           Accessing documentation for the APIs
           Using the APIs to integrate with the test ZATCA backend system
           Test the integration calls for Onboarding, Renewal, Reporting, Clearance

 Accessing and using the Integration Sandbox APIs
           Accessing documentation for the APIs
           Using the APIs to integrate with the test ZATCA backend system
           Test the integration calls for Onboarding, Renewal, Reporting, Clearance

1.1.3 Intended Audience
This document is intended to be used by:
 Solution Developers
 Taxpayers
 Other users of relevance

1.1.4 Recommended Reading
Although not a pre-requisite for accessing and using the Developer Portal functionalities, it is strongly
advised that users go through the following documentation:
1. XML Implementation Standards (E-Invoice XML Implementation Standard)
2. Security Features and Implementation Standards (E-Invoice Security Features and Implementation

     Standards)
3. Data Dictionary (E-Invoice Data Dictionary)
4. E-Invoicing Resolution (E-Invoicing Resolution)

7
2. Developer Portal Overview

2.1 Pre-requisites

The Developer Portal itself is a web-based application and can be run from any modern browser such as
Google Chrome, Microsoft Edge or Apple Safari.
The SDK is a Java based JAR file that can run on all leading platforms including Windows, Linux and
Mac. The Java SDK (JAR) will run on JDK versions >=11 and <15, to comply with secp256k1 as per ZATCA
security regulations.
The Integration Sandbox APIs can be accessed from all leading platforms as those mentioned above.
REST APIs can be accessed from any Rest Client tools (Postman) for testing or using any coding languages
(java, .Net, PHP, Nodejs, etc.) to call the rest services using HTTPs Protocol.

8
2.2 Structure / Sitemap

The Developer Portal is comprised of the following:

                                Developer Portal

                         Login                                        Access Portal Based  Access Developer Portal
                                                                             Validator            Support Page

   Access SDK Page             Access Integration Sandbox Page

    Download SDK                Access API Documentation                Validate XMLs      Access FAQs
    SDK Support
    SDK Documentation            (Swagger Files)
    SDK Version History
                                Test APIs for Onboarding,

                                 Renewal, Reporting and Clearance

                                Outside Developer Portal

   Using the SDK                Using the Integration Sandbox (APIs)

    Test compliance of XML       Test APIs to obtain Compliance
    Test compliance of QR
                                  CSID and Production CSID (as part of
     Code (Generation Phase)      Onboarding process)

    Test Compliance of QR        Test APIs to obtain new Compliance

     Code (Integration Phase)     CSID and Production CSID (Test the
                                  Renewal process)

                                 Test API to submit documents for

                                  Reporting

                                 Test API to submit documents for

                                  Clearance

9
2.3 User Journeys

The recommended steps for Solution Developers are:
1. Read the XML Implementation Standards, Security Features Implementation Standards and Data

     Dictionary
2. Access the Developer Portal
3. Create a Developer Portal Account
4. Login to the Developer Portal as a Registered User
5. Access the SDK Page
6. Read the SDK Support and Documentation
7. Download the SDK
8. Test XML compliance using the SDK via CLI / local integration
9. Access the Integration Sandbox Page
10. Go through the API Documentation on Swagger
11. Test the APIs through Swagger
12. Test the APIs via integration
13. Leveraging the Developer Portal Support page FAQs for troubleshooting
The recommended steps for Non-technical users are:
1. Access the Developer Portal
2. Accessing the Compliance and Enablement Toolbox Portal Page
3. Test XML compliance
4. Provide the error messages / responses (if any) to Solution Developers
5. Leveraging the Developer Portal Support page FAQs for troubleshooting

10
2.3.1 Accessing the Developer Portal

The process for accessing the Developer Portal is as follows:
1. Access the Developer Portal through the following weblink (https://sandbox.zatca.gov.sa/).
2. The user is directed to the Developer Portal main dashboard / landing page

  1. In this page the user can access the below sections without registration or login:
     1. Developer Portal Support Page which includes the FAQs.
     2. Web Based Validator for Non-Technical Users.

  2. The following sections would require the user to create a Developer Portal account:
     1. Compliance and Enablement Toolbox SDK Page.
     2. Integration Sandbox Page.

Note: The User can chose to toggle the language between English and Arabic by using the icon on the
top right-hand side of the page.

                                                  Developer Portal main landing page

11
2.3.2 Creating a Developer Portal Account

As mentioned above, a Developer Portal account is required for accessing the Compliance and Enable-
ment Toolbox SDK page and the Integration Sandbox page. You can ignore this step if you only wish to
access the Web Based Validator or the Developer Portal Support page.
Once the user is on the main dashboard of the Developer Portal, they can click on the "Sign up" button at
the top right-hand side as seen in the Figure below.
 Email ID
 First Name
 Last Name
 Company Name (optional field)
 Password
 Confirm Password

In the Sign Up page (as seen in the Figure below), the user will be prompted to create a new account by
providing the following details:
The email must be a valid email and the password must be at least 8 characters comprising of at least one
number, one letter each in lower and upper case, and one symbol.
After completing all the necessary fields, the user should click on the CAPTCHA verification followed by
the Sign up button.

12
                                                                 Login Page
After the user has signed up and created their account credentials, they can proceed to the Login page
where they will be prompted to:
 Fill in the User Name and Password (as created by the user).
 Click the CAPTCHA.
 In addition, the user can click "Forgot Password"
 In the case where the user does not have an account set up and requires one, the user can click on the

     Sign Up option, in order to create a new account and proceed to the process described in this Section
     2.3.2 of the User Manual for registration.
 After filling in all the information, the user should click on the Login button in order to proceed to the
     main dashboard again where the user will now also be able to access the Compliance and Enable-
     ment Toolbox SDK page and the Integration Sandbox page.
 A logged in user can logout at any time by clicking on the logout option on the header. The user can
     also change the password at any time by clicking on the arrow next to the user profile icon in header.

13
2.3.3 Accessing the Compliance and Enablement Toolbox SDK Page

The Compliance and Enablement Toolbox (SDK) which is an offline downloadable tool that can be used to
validate an XML based e-invoice, credit or debit note files in accordance with the ZATCA published XML
Implementation Standards. It also allows validation of the QR codes as per the prescribed structure. Developers
can integrate their EGS units with the SDK locally (offline) or also test using a CLI.
The process for accessing and downloading the Compliance and Enablement Toolbox SDK through the
Developer Portal is as follows:
 The user should be registered and logged into the Developer Portal successfully
 The user should click on "Compliance and Enablement Toolbox and SDK" to view the SDK functionalities.

14
                                Accessing the Compliance and Enablement Toolbox (SDK)
After the user has accessed the Compliance and Enablement Toolbox SDK Page, the user can:
 Access the SDK support, which includes aspects such as how to use the SDK and how it works, as well

     as the minimum software requirements and the instructions of relevance to each Operating System/
     environment.
 Access documentation such as the XML Implementation Standards (E-Invoice XML Implementation
     Standard), Security Features and Implementation Standards (E-Invoice Security Features and
     Implementation Standards) & Data Dictionary (E-Invoice Data Dictionary)
 Download the SDK after accepting the terms and conditions.
 View the version history which contains earlier releases of the SDK.

15
                                     Accessing the E-Invoicing specification documents

2.3.4 Downloading the SDK

In order to download the SDK, the process is as follows:
 The user clicks on "Download SDK"
 The user has to click on "I accept the above terms and conditions"
 As the above is clicked, the "Download SDK" button will be activated and become available for the user

     to click on

                                                        downloading the SDK

16
2.3.5 Using the SDK (outside of the Developer Portal)

Please refer to the ZATCA E-Invoice Java SDK (CLI) Manual on the below link by downloading the SDK
and then navigate to readme folder.
https://zatca.gov.sa/ar/E-Invoicing/SystemsDevelopers/ComplianceEnablementToolbox/Pages/Down-
loadSDK.aspx.

2.3.6 Accessing the Web Based Validator for Non-Technical Users

The user can test - using a web portal - the compliance of the XMLs of standard e-invoices, credit or debit notes
generated so that they can know if they are in line with the ZATCA e-invoicing specifications and regulations
or so that they can be alerted to any errors which are causing non-compliance with the ZATCA specifications
and regulations. It is aimed at intermediate or non-technical users to validate XML based e-invoices, credit
or debit note files from the portal directly, i.e. without the need to download the SDK or possess the technical
know-how to run it.
This section details the process of accessing the "Web Based Validator for Non-Technical Users" in order to
test the compliance of the e-invoice, credit and debit note XMLs. Users can access the "Web Based Validator
for Non-Technical Users" Page through the Developer Portal (no prior registration or login is required). On this
page, users can view information related to what the Web Based Validator aims to achieve and the user can
access this and begin uploading the XMLs that they would want to test and validate.

The process for accessing the "Web Based Validator for Non-Technical Users" page is as follows:
 The User accesses the "Web Based Validator for Non-Technical Users" on the Developer Portal (no prior

     registration or log in required).

17
                                                  Accessing the web based validator
 On the "Web Based Validator for Non-Technical Users", users can view information related to an

     explanation of the Web Based Validator and what it aims to do
 In addition, users can click on "Access the Web Based Validator for taxpayers without a development

     environment" in order to begin testing and validating their XMLs.

                                                        Web based validator Page
 Once users have chosen to "Access the Web Based Validator for taxpayers without a development

     environment", a disclaimer is shown detailing that:

18
The portal validation page is a standalone application and compliance does not necessarily imply the
e-invoices, credit or debit notes have been accepted by ZATCA. All Taxpayer E-invoicing solution unit will
need to pass the testing requirements as part of Registration/Taxpayer Onboarding prior to submitting
e-invoices, credit or debit notes to ZATCA.
 The User has to acknowledge the disclaimer in order to proceed to test their XML files.

                                                    Web based validator Disclaimer

2.3.7 Using the Web Based Validator for Non-Technical Users

An XML file can be validated according to its structure (schema), fields, or ZATCA requirements (i.e. The VAT
registration number must be 15 numeric digits). The way this works is that the user submits an XML and the
portal will read it, analyze it, and return the status of the validation.
Note that the Web Based Validator can be used to validate up to 5 XMLs and if more than 1 XML is provided, the
validator also checks for the sequence in terms of Previous Invoice (Document) Hash. Note that for a single
XML the Previous Document Hash check is always considered as valid or True.

19
The process for validating XMLs from the Web Based Validator for Non-Technical Users page is as follows:
Click on "Upload XML file" and choose a file, then click "Validate."

                                         Uploading an XML file on the web based validator
If the XML is compliant, you will receive a "Valid": true message.

                              Web based validator - XML validation complete and no errors found

20
If not compliant, the following message is shown.

                                      Web based validator - XML complete and errors found
The non-technical user is expected to share the validation outcomes with the Solution Developer to take
necessary action.

2.3.8 Accessing the Integration Sandbox Page

The Integration Sandbox as covered in this user manual comprises of two components - the Sandbox specific
front-end web pages (which is part of the Developer Portal and access to which requires a Developer Portal
registered user account) and an API based Sandbox backend to integrate with.
A registered and logged in user can access the Integration Sandbox page from the main dashboard while a
non-registered and non-logged in user is taken to the login screen. Once on the Integration Sandbox page
the user is given a high level summary of the current version release of the Sandbox as well as links to any
previous releases.
The ZATCA e-invoicing integration Sandbox is meant to be used for testing purposes only. Any inputs
submitted on the Sandbox are not considered as acknowledged, approved or accepted by ZATCA. Taxpayers
will be required to login using SSO credentials for the Taxation portal (ERAD) prior to officially be able to submit
official documents. Test CSIDs provided by the Sandbox cannot be used in the Core E-invoicing Solution.

21
Developers must also take into account that documents or requests submitted on the Core E-invoicing Solution
will be subjected to additional validations such as security features, prohibited functionalities, additional
business rule validations and/or referential checks based such as validating Seller/Buyer information entered
in the documents, validations based on previously submitted documents.

                                                API Integration sandbox landing page
On the left navigation bar of the page the user is able to access the links to the API documentation which
are maintained as Swagger files (each API call is described in section 2.3.10 below along with the possible
outcomes).

22
2.3.9 Accessing the API and associated Documentation (Swagger Files)

Access to the Swagger files is provided from the Integration Sandbox page. API documentation is provided
covering all the API calls that can be tested on the Sandbox such as:
 Test request for Compliance CSID as part of a new onboarding (requires a signed test CSR to be submitted

     - details provided in the Swagger files)
 Test request for Production CSID as part of a new onboarding (requires a test Compliance CSID to be

     submitted)

Note: The Core E-invoicing Solution will require specific compliance checks to be completed in between
the Compliance CSID and Production CSID requests and the latter will return an invalid response until these
compliance checks are completed. This invalid response can be tested in the Sandbox by providing a specific
input which is covered in the Swagger files below.
 Test request for a new Production CSID as part of renewal (requires a test Compliance CSID to be sub-

     mitted)
 Test submission of documents for Clearance (requires a test Production CSID)
 Test submission of documents for Reporting (requires a test Production CSID)

Although the Sandbox uses test CSIDs, it is important to note that the VAT Registration number used to obtain
the test CSID must match with the VAT Registration number in the Renewal CSR and/or e-invoices, credit
notes, debit notes and QR codes submitted in all subsequent calls made using that specific test CSID. In other
words for every VAT Registration Number that is used in the Sandbox integration, a separate CSID will have
to be requested. Of course the VAT Registration Numbers can be dummy inputs.
 Please refer to the API Documentation through the following LINK.

Note: Please make sure to log-in in order to view the API documentation

23
2.3.10 Step by step guide to make a successful call to APIs

1. For Reporting and Clearance (testing the submission of E-invoices, credit and debit notes)
       The users' E-Invoice Generation Solution (EGS) needs to generate compliant XML documents. For
           more details on generating compliant XML documents please refer to the XML Implementation
           Standards and the Data Dictionary (E-Invoice specifications (zatca.gov.sa). It is also recommend to
           test the compliance using the Compliance and Enablement Toolbox SDK (Download SDK (zatca.
           gov.sa) or Portal based validator for non-technical users (Compliance and Enablement Toolbox
           portal).
       For Simplified documents (and optionally for Standard documents), the EGS also needs to generate
           compliant QR codes. For more details on generating compliant QR codes please refer to the
           Security Features and Implementation Standards (E-Invoice Security Features and Implementation
           Standards).

24
       Note that EGS must obtain a test Cryptographic Stamp Identifier (CSID) first, by using the test
           integration calls for Onboarding or Renewal.

2. For Cryptographic Stamp Identifier (testing the Onboarding and Renewal processes).
       The users' EGS needs to generate a compliant CSR to obtain a test CSID. For more details on
           generating a compliant CSR and CSID specifications please refer to (E-Invoice Security Features and
           Implementation Standards).
       Note that EGS must obtain a test Cryptographic Stamp Identifier (CSID) first, by using the test
           integration calls for Onboarding, in order to test the integration call for Renewal which requires a test
           CSID to be included in the request.

2.3.10.1 Compliance CSID
      Step 1: Navigate to Developer Portal link
      Step 2: Login with correct credentials
      Step 3: Navigate to API Integration Sandbox

25
      Step 4: Click on API documentation guides
      Step 5: Click on Compliance CSID API

26
      Step 6: Click on try it out
      Step 7: Write valid OTP and CSR
      Step 8: Click on Execute

27
      Result (200)

2.3.10.2 Compliance Invoice API
      Step 1: Navigate to Developer Portal link
      Step 2: Login with correct credentials
      Step 3: Navigate to API Integration Sandbox

28
      Step 4: Click on API documentation guide
      Step 5: Click on Compliance Invoice API

29
      Step 6: Click on Try it out button
      Step 7: Fill the Authentication Certificate (Compliance CSID)

30
      Step 8: Add Encoded invoice and invoice hash
      Step 9: Click on Execute

      Result (200)

31
2.3.10.3 Production CSID (Onboarding) API
      Step 1: Navigate to Developer Portal link
      Step 2: Login with correct credentials
      Step 3: Navigate to API Integration Sandbox

      Step 4: Click on API documentation guide

32
      Step 5: Click on production CSID (Onboarding) API button
      Step 6: Click on Try it now button

33
      Step 7: Add the Current CSID to Current CCSID field

      Step 8: Add correct compliance request ID in the request body
      Step 9: Click on Execute button

34
      Result (200)

35
2.3.10.4 Production CSID (Renewal) API
      Step 1: Navigate to Developer Portal link
      Step 2: Login with correct credentials
      Step 3: Navigate to API Integration Sandbox

      Step 4: Click on API documentation guide

36
      Step 5: Click on Production CSID (Renewal) API button
      Step 6: Click on Try it now

37
      Step 7: Add correct OTP and current CSID

38
      Step 8: Add the correct CSR in the request body
      Step 9: Click on Execute button

      Result (200)

39
2.3.10.5 REPORTING
      Step 1: Open CMD and Generate simplified invoice
      Step 2: Validate simplified xml

40
      Step 3: Generate hash
      Step 4: Open Developer Portal and choose integration sandbox

41
      Step 5: Choose Reporting
      Step 6: Try it out

42
      Step 7: Write (invoice hash, invoice)
      Step 8: Replace the invoice hash in xml and encode the xml

43
      Step 9: Execute

44
      Result (200)
      Result (400)

45
2.3.10.6 CLEARANCE
      Step 1: Open CMD and Generate standard invoice

      Step 2: Validate standard xml
      Step 3: Generate hash

46
      Step 4: Open Developer Portal and choose integration sandbox
      Step 5: Choose Clearance

47
      Step 6: Try it now
      Step 7: Write (invoice hash, invoice)

48
      Step 8: Replace the invoice hash in xml and encode the xml

49
      Step 9: Execute
      Result (200)

50
     Result (400)

2.3.11 API Summary

Table 1
The following table gives a more detailed summary of the differences between the Integration Sandbox
releases in terms of the APIs as well associated components. The current release also indicates the new
additions/changes made in comparison to the previous release.

Function-  Description                Release 1 (No-    Release 1.5 (Feb-         Release 2 (Current -
   ality                                  vember               ruary                   April 2022)
                                           2021)               2022)

           The list of APIs that are  Invoices APIs:    Invoices APIs:            Invoices APIs:
           covered in each release
                                       Reporting API     Reporting API             Reporting API (configured to
                                       Clearance API     Clearance API
                                                                                        Clearance enabled)
APIs       including                  Onboarding APIs:  Onboarding APIs:
           references to the                                                       Clearance API (configured to
           functionalities they are    CSID API (for     Compliance CSID
           part of                     Onboarding)                                      Clearance enabled)
                                       CSID API (for          API
                                       Renewal)                                    Reporting API (configured to
                                                         Production CSID API
                                                         (for Onboarding)               Clearance disabled)
                                                         Production CSID API
                                                                                   NEW
                                                              (for Renewal)        Clearance API (configured to

                                                         Compliance Checks              Clearance disabled) -

                                                              APIs (for Onboard-   NEW
                                                              ing / Renewal)
                                                                                  Onboarding APIs:
                                                         Invoices API
                                                                                   Compliance CSID API
                                                                                   Production CSID API (for On-

                                                                                        boarding)

                                                                                   Production CSID API (for Re-

                                                                                        newal)

                                                                                   Compliance Checks APIs (for

                                                                                        Onboarding / Renewal)

                                                                                   Invoices API
                                                                                   Invoices API (Clearance dis-

                                                                                        abled) -- NEW

51
                                                                                                      As per updated data dictionary,

                                                                          As per updated data        XML Implementation Stan-

                 The treatment of                                        dictionary, XML             dards and Security Features
                 validations and
                 exceptions as part            As per original           Implementation              and Implementation Standards
                 of the Reporting
                 and Clearance                (published) data           Standards and               (including updates to CSR and
                 process.
                 Exceptions here              dictionary, XML            Security Features           CSID standards)
                 refer to warnings
                 which are similar to         Implementation             and Implementation  Seller Address field will be
                 errors but do not
                 cause the                    Standards and              Standards (includ-          accepted with warning for Tax-
                 submitted
                 invoices/documents to        Security Features          ing updates to CSR          payer devices / solution units to
                 be rejected but are still
                 indicated in                                            and CSID standards)         differentiate Between a warning
                 the response so              and Implementation  Seller Address field
Validation       that they can be                   Standards                                        and an error response
Engine           corrected in future
(For Invoices)   submissions.                  No exceptions             will be accepted             Two variants of the Reporting

                                              (Invoices are              with warning for            and Clearance APIs which are

                                              either accepted or         Taxpayer devices /          configured with Clearance

                                                    rejected)            solution units to dif-      disabled is being provided -

                                               Not possible to test      ferentiate between  NEW

                                                    for Sandbox behav-   a warning and an             Note: In the Core Einvoicing

                                                                         error response              Solution there will only be one
                                              ior When Clearance  Not possible to test
                                              is disabled                                            API each for Reporting and

                                                                         for Sandbox behav-          Clearance which at any point of

                                                                         ior when Clearance          time willeither be configured

                                                                         is disabled                 to Clearance being enabled or

                                                                                                     disabled

CSR and CSID     The formats and fields       As per the original (pub-  As per the updated Secu-    As per the updated Security Features
(For             for the Certificate Signing  lished) Security Features  rity Features and Imple-    and Implementation Standards
Onboarding)      Request (CSR) and the        and Implementation         mentation Standards
                 resultant Cryptographic      Standards                                               Covers the Reporting and Clear-
Swagger          Stamp Identifier (CSID)                                  Covers the APIs
Files (API       that is used as part of the   Covers the APIs                                             ance APIs above with provision
Specifications)  Onboarding process.                                           mentioned                   for 1 Exception
                                                    mentioned above
                 The API documentation                                    Provision for 1             Covers the Reporting and
                 associated with the           No provisions for
                 Swagger files.                                                Exception (Non-             Clearance APIs above with pro-
                                                    Exceptions or turn-        compliance in the           vision for turning off Clearance
                                                    ing off Clearance          Seller's Address            (through two additional variants
                                                                               field is accepted as        of the Reporting and Clearance
                                                                               a warning)                  APIs) -

                                                                          No provisions for           NEW
                                                                                                      Covers the two separate APIs
                                                                               turning off Clear-
                                                                               ance                        for Compliance and Production
                                                                                                           CSIDs
                                                                          Covers the two

                                                                               separate APIs for
                                                                               Compliance and
                                                                               Production CSIDs

52
Table 2
The following table provides a summary description of the APIs including the key outputs and inputs/pre-
requisites for each API.

API Name                 Description                              Output                         Pre-requisites

               This API should be used to test submitting

               Simplified e-invoices, credit or debit note to

               the ZATCA backend system as part of the

               Reporting process                                  If no errors or warnings: 

               When Clearance is disabled, this API can           Accepted                       A test Production CSID obtained
                                                                                                 from API #5 or #6 below
               also be used to test submitting Standard           If error in Seller Address:    Simplified invoice, credit or debit
                                                                                                 note in XML format
               e-invoices, credit or debit notes for Report-      Accepted with warning          Standard invoice, credit or debit
                                                                                                 note in XML format when Clear-
Reporting API  ing                                                message                        ance is disabled
Clearance API
               Note: In the Integration Sandbox there will                                       A test Production CSID obtained
                                                                                                 from API #5 or #6 below
               be two variants of the Reporting API, one          If errors other than Seller    Standard invoice, credit or debit
                                                                                                 note in XML format
               which is configured to Clearance being             Address: Rejected with

               enabled (i.e. it will not accept Standard          error messages

               documents) and one which is configured

               to Clearance being disabled (i.e. it will also

               accept Standard documents to be submitted

               for Reporting)

               This API should be used to test submitting         If no errors or warnings:
                                                                  Accepted and document
               test Standard e-invoices, credit or debit note     is returned with test ZAT-
                                                                  CA stamp and QR code
               to the ZATCA backend system as part of the
                                                                  If error in Seller Address:
               Clearance process                                  Accepted with warning

               When Clearance is disabled, this API will          message and document 

               return a 303 Response indicating that the          is returned with test ZAT-
                                                                  CA stamp and QR code
               Reporting API be used to submit Standard
                                                                                            
               documents as well
                                                                  If errors other than Seller
               Note: In the Integration Sandbox there will        Address: Rejected with
                                                                  error messages
               be two variants of the Clearance API, one        
                                                                  Response 303 when
               which is configured to Clearance being en-         Clearance is disabled
                                                                  asking the Reporting
               abled (i.e. it will validate and clear Standard    API to be used to submit
                                                                  Standard documents
               documents) and one which is configured to 

               Clearance being disabled (i.e. it will return

               response 303 stating that Clearance is

               currently disabled and the Reporting API

               must be used to submit Standard documents

               as well)

53
                This API should be used to test submitting    Valid request: Test Com-        Public Private Key pair
                test CSRs (Certificate Signing Requests) to
Compliance      the ZATCA backend system as part of the        pliance CSID and a test
CSID API        Onboarding and renewal process
                                                               Request ID are obtained  Signed CSR
Production
CSID API (for                                                 Invalid request: Error
Onboarding)
                                                               message(s)
Production
CSID API (for   This API will be used to submit a test Re-    Valid request: Test Pro-        A test Compliance CSID obtained
Renewal)
                quest ID to a test ZATCA backend system as     duction CSID is obtained            from APIs #3 above
                part of the Onboarding process
                                                               Invalid request: Error         A test (dummy) request ID

                                                               message(s)

                This API will be used to submit a test Re-    Valid request: Test Pro-        A test Compliance CSID obtained

                quest ID to a test ZATCA backend system as     duction CSID is obtained            from APIs #3 above
                part of the Onboarding process
                                                               Invalid request: Error         A test (dummy) request ID

                                                               message(s)

Compliance      These APIs should be used to test the         All Compliance checks           A test Compliance CSID obtained
Checks APIs     compliance check for the device / solution
(for Onboard-   unit (EGS) as part of the Onboarding and/or        passed                          from APIs #3 above
ing / Renewal)  Renewal processes
                                                              One or more compliance          Standard and/or Simplified invoic-
                The compliance checks include checking
                compliance of Standard and/or Simplified           checks failed with error        es, credit or debit notes in XML
                documents when Clearance is enabled                messages                        format
                (Compliance Invoice API) or when Clear-
                ance is disabled (Compliance Invoice
                Clearance Disabled API);

54
2.3.12 Accessing the Developer Portal Support Page

The Developer Portal Support Page can be accessed from the main dashboard of the Developer Portal and
does not require any prior registration / log in. Through this page, the user can view the different types of
support available which includes the Toolbox and Sandbox documentation. In addition, the user can view the
FAQ section to find readily available answers to common inquiries they may have on the Developer Portal
tools and functionalities as well as more specific questions on testing the compliance of their XMLs. Users can
also find the support contact information that they can access should they require any support. This includes
phone number / hotline, international phone number and the email address. Users could also provide any
suggestions or complaints they may have.
The user can access the Developer Portal Support Page from the main Developer Portal page.
The following categories are available to users:

   General support
   SDK support
   Integration Sandbox support
   Compliance and Enablement Toolbox support

55
A search bar is also readily available for users to search and obtain the relevant information easily. The user
can view common enquiries in the FAQ page. The user can see a contact section at the bottom of the support
page in case of experiencing any issues and in the event that the user would want to receive the support of the
contact center.

56
3. Change in Security Requirements

ZATCA has updated its E-invoicing security solution from a Certificate Based Header to Oauth2 Basic
Authentication and below are the key changes between these two solutions:

    Certificate Based Authentication                           Basic Authentication

                 The current solution includes using the CSID  The updated solution will include a Basic Authenti-
Description in as a header value in authentication-certif-     cation header with the CSID as the Username and a
                                                               Secret Value as the Password. Secret value will be
                 icate                                         issue with the CSID. An additional accept-version:
                                                               v2 header must be added to V2 API calls.

                 CSID is issued for the compliance checks and  CSID and Secret are issued for the compliance
Onboarding is included in the authentication-certificate       checks, CSID should be used as the user and the
                                                               Secret as the password
                 header for all compliance calls

                 Production CSID is issued and all eInvoicing  Production CSID and Secret issued and all eInvoic-
E-invoicing calls (reporting and clearance) include the        ing calls (reporting and clearance) should include
                                                               the Basic Authentication header with CSID as the
                 authentication-certificate header             user and Secret as the password. An additional
                                                               accept-version: v2 header must be added to V2 API
                                                               calls

Basic Authentication Format:
   Authorization: Basic {Base64 Encoded String}
   {Base64 Encoded String} = A script containing the CSID, a Colon and the Secret encoded with Base64
       (CSID:Secret)

57
4. Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)

4.1 Business FAQs
4.1.1 Developer Portal Business FAQs

    #  Question                                                   Answer

    1  What is the Developer Portal?    The Developer Portal is a dedicated Portal provided by ZATCA
                                        to the e-invoice generation solution developers and the
       What are the main tools or       developers community. It provides tailored information in line
                                        with e-invoicing requirements and in particular it provides
    2  functionalities provided by the  access to a Software Development Kit (SDK) and a Portal-
                                        based validator which allows for checking the compliance
       Developer Portal?                of specific XML electronic invoices with the e-invoicing
                                        requirements. It also provides access to ZATCA's Integration
                                        Sandbox.

                                        Through the Developer Portal, users can access:
                                         ASupportpage,whichincludesguidanceandsupport

                                             information on the Developer Portal functionalities
                                         TheSDKpage,usedfortestingthecomplianceofXMLfiles

                                             with the e-invoicing requirements
                                         ThePortal-basedvalidatorpage,whichenablesnon-

                                             technical users to check the compliance of XML files by
                                             uploading them to the Portal
                                         TheIntegrationSandbox,whichallowsdeveloperstotestthe
                                             integration of their systems with a Sandbox environment

58
    #  Question                                     Answer

                                      The Developer Portal is publicly available to everyone.

                                      The users can access the Compliance and Enablement

       What are the requirements for  Toolbox (SDK and Web-based Validator) and Support

    3  using the Developer Portal?    pages without the need for prior registration. However,

                                      users who desire to access the SDK and the Integration

                                      Sandbox must register by providing the details requested

                                      on the page.

                                                               Developers of e-invoice solutions or developers
                                                               representing taxpayers' in-house teams or non-technical
              Who are the intended users to users representing taxpayers (such as tax or accounts

    4

              register for the Developer Portal? teams) who would like to validate the compliance of
                                                               specific document files (e.g. XML files) with the e-invoicing
                                                               requirements.

59
4.1.2 SDK Business FAQs

    #  Question                                                  Answer

    1  What is the Compliance and      The SDK is an offline downloadable tool which can be used
                                       to validate the XMLs files in accordance with the E-Invoicing
       Enablement Toolbox SDK?         requirements. It also allows validation of the QR codes as
                                       per a prescribed structure.
    2  Where can I find the SDK?
                                       The SDK can be found by navigating to the "Systems Developers"
    3  Do I have to use the SDK?       page on the ZATCA website, followed by the "Compliance and
                                       Enablement Toolbox" page. Through the "Compliance and
       Once the XML validation is      Enablement Toolbox" page, users can download the SDK after
                                       accepting the disclaimer.
    4  successful, is it deemed to be
                                       It is not mandatory for Taxpayers to use the SDK. However,
       accepted by ZATCA?              ZATCA encourages developers to use the SDK to ensure
                                       compliance with the E-Invoicing requirements for the QR
                                       Code (required from 4 December, 2021) and XML (required
                                       starting from 1 January, 2023 onwards).
                                       Developers should also use the SDK for offline testing to reduce
                                       load on the Integration Sandbox.

                                       The purpose of the SDK is to assist the developers to check
                                       if the QR Code structure and XML file meets the E-Invoicing
                                       requirements and to return specific error messages for
                                       correction. Successful validation of XMLs using the SDK should
                                       not be deemed as any form of acceptance or approval by
                                       ZATCA.

60
       What are the QR code fields           The users will be able to validate the following fields:
                                             1. Seller's Name.
       that will be validated in the         2. VAT registration number of the seller.
                                             3. Timestamp of the electronic invoice or credit/debit note
    5  Generation phase and which
                                                  (date and time).
       are required for the 4th of           4. Electronic invoice or credit/debit note total (with VAT).
                                             5. VAT total.
       December 2021?
                                             Additional fields from the specification and otherwise may
                                             be included, but will be disregarded by ZATCA for the 4th of
                                             December requirements.

                                             The users will be able to validate the following fields:

                                             1. Seller's Name.

                                             2. VAT registration number of the seller.

                                             3. Timestamp of the electronic invoice or credit/debit note
                                                  (date and time).

       What are the QR code fields that      4. Electronic invoice or credit/debit note total (with VAT).

       will be validated in the Integration  5. VAT amount.

    6  phase starting from 1 January         6. Hash of XML electronic invoice or credit/debit note.

       2023 onwards?                         7. Elliptic Curve Digital Signature Algorithm (ECDSA)

                                             signature.

                                             8. ECDSA public key: The public key BLOB format contains
                                                  only the public portion of an ECDSA key used to generate
                                                  the Cryptographic Stamp. Length of the public key BLOB
                                                  for a 256-bit key is 64 bytes (72 bytes including magic
                                                  number and field length information on some systems).

61
    6  Continue  9. For Simplified Tax Invoices and their associated notes,
                      the ECDSA signature of the cryptographic stamp's public
62                    key by ZATCA's technical Certificate Authority (CA) is
                      required.

                        An ECDSA signature is encoded according to
                             IEEE P1363. This signature format encodes
                             the (r, s) tuple as the concatenation of the big-
                             endian representation of r and the big-endian
                             representation of s.

                        Each of these values is encoded using the number
                             of bytes required to encode the maximum integer
                             value in the key's mathematical field.

                        For example, an ECDSA signature from 256-bit
                             elliptic curves (like secp256k1) encodes each of r
                             and s as 32 bytes, and produces a signature output
                             of 64 bytes.

                 Please find below an example:

                 public static byte[] extractR(String digitalSignature) throws
                 Exception {
                 MessageDigest digest = MessageDigest.
                 getInstance("SHA-256");
                 byte[] hash =
                 digest.digest(Base64.getDecoder().
                 decode(digitalSignature.getBytes(StandardCharsets.
                 UTF_8)));
                 return Arrays.copyOfRange(hash, 0, 32);
                 }
                 /**
                 * Extract S Component
                 *
                 * @return
                 * @throws Exception
                 */
                 public static byte[] extractS(String digitalSignature) throws

                 Exception {

                 MessageDigest digest = MessageDigest.

                 getInstance("SHA-256");

    6  Continue  byte[] hash =

                 digest.digest(Base64.getDecoder().

                 decode(digitalSignature.getBytes(StandardCharsets.

                 UTF_8)));

                 return Arrays.copyOfRange(hash, 32, 64);

63
4.1.3 Web Based Validator Business FAQs

    #              Question                                      Answer

       What is the Web Based           The Web-based validator can be accessed by anyone
                                       from the Developer Portal. It is mainly built to enable
    1  Validator for Non-Technical     non-technical users, (such as some tax and accounting
                                       teams,) to test and validate XMLs as per e-invoicing
       Users?                          requirements.

                                       The intended users of the Web Based Validator are

       Who is eligible to use the Web  the non-technical users such as tax teams or accounts

    2  Based Validator?                teams for taxpayers. Anyone can accesses the

                                       Developer Portal (publicly available) to use the Web

                                       Based Validator.

    3  What if XML has error(s)?       In case an XML has error(s), specific error messages
                                       will be displayed. XMLs can be validated either via
                                       the Portal-based validator or the SDK again after the
                                       error(s) are fixed.

                                       It is not mandatory for Taxpayers to use the SDK or the

       Is it mandatory to use the Web Based Validator. However, ZATCA encourages

    4  Compliance and Enablement the technical and non-technical users (such as tax

       Toolbox SDK or Web Based teams or accounts teams) to use the SDK and Web

       Validator?                      Based Validator to ensure compliance with e-invoicing

                                       requirements.

64
4.1.4 Integration Sandbox Business FAQs

    #            Question                                    Answer

    1  What is the Integration     The Integration Sandbox (ISB) is a test platform developed
                                   by ZATCA to simulate some of the core e-invoicing platform
       Sandbox?                    (Fatoora) functionalities that will be available in the production
                                   system. Its primary objective is to allow Solution Developers
       What is the difference      to build compliant E-invoice Generation Solutions that can
                                   submit requests to the ISB and obtain relevant responses to
    2  between the Compliance and  indicate if their integration calls have been successful or if they
                                   have any errors.
       Enablement Toolbox and the
                                   The Compliance and Enablement Toolbox (CET)
       Integration Sandbox?        comprises of:

                                   1. 1. An offline SDK tool to validate QR Code and XMLs; and
                                   2. 2. A Portal-based Validator for non-technical users

                                        (such as tax or accounts teams) to validate XMLs.

                                   The Integration Sandbox allows testing integration of
                                   taxpayer's E-invoicing solutions with a sandbox environment
                                   using test APIs to send requests and documents in a similar
                                   manner to how it would be done on the core e-invoicing
                                   platform. This sandbox will perform validations that are part
                                   of the SDK and some additional checks that cannot be done
                                   offline or are specific to API requests. The SDK requires
                                   XML files / QR code strings as inputs while the Integration
                                   Sandbox requires an API request as input.

65
       If my invoices are compliant XMLs validated by the Toolbox are expected to receive

       as per the Compliance and successful responses on the Integration Sandbox also

    3  Enablement Toolbox, will unless there are issues with the API request itself.

       they also pass the Integration However, the Sandbox can also run some additional

       Sandbox?                          validations.

                                         The intended users of the Integration Sandbox are e-invoicing

       Will the Integration Sandbox be   solution developers. Developers can register by providing

    4  available to Taxpayers only?      the requested information and access the API documentation

                                         on the Developer Portal. VAT Registration details are not a

                                         pre-requisite to register and access the Integration Sandbox.

                                         No. Taxpayers who are required to integrate with ZATCA

       Does passing the Integration will have to undergo an Onboarding and Compliance

       Sandbox mean the E-invoice process to be able to submit electronic documents to ZATCA

    5  Generation Solution can be used starting from 1 January 2023 onwards. E-invoice Generation

       by a Taxpayer to submit invoices Solutions which undergo adequate testing on the Sandbox

       to ZATCA?                         will have a higher probability of completing that onboarding

                                         and compliance process smoothly.

       Can multiple invoices be          Yes. However, each invoice, credit or debit note should be

    6  submitted to the Integration      part of a separate API call.

       Sandbox?

       Do invoices need to be submitted  The Integration Sandbox does not mandate that the invoices

    7  in sequence to the Integration    should be submitted in sequence.

       Sandbox?

       Does ZATCA store the invoices

    8  submitted to the Integration No.

       Sandbox?

66
        Does the Integration Sandbox        No, dummy information can be provided as long as they

    9   require actual taxpayer details     meet the syntax and content specifications and the XML

        on the XML files?                   implementation standards and validation rules.

        If an invoice has been cleared by   No. The Integration Sandbox is not intended to validate actual

    10  the Integration Sandbox, can it be  invoices and is for testing purposes only. The successful

        issued to a buyer?                  validation of an XML using the Integration Sandbox should not

                                            be deemed as any kind of acceptance or approval by ZATCA.

        Can I use the same username and

        password that I used to access      Yes, the registration and login process is common for both

    11  the Compliance and Enablement       the Compliance and Enablement Toolbox SDK and the

        Toolbox SDK on the Developer        Integration Sandbox.

        Portal to log into the Integration

        Sandbox?

    12  What is a Cryptographic Stamp       The CSID is technically a cryptographic certificate, which
                                            is a credential that allows for authenticated signing and
        Identifier (CSID)?                  encryption of communication. The certificate is also known
                                            as a public key certificate or an identity certificate. It is an
                                            electronic document used as proof of ownership of a public
                                            key.
                                            The CSID is used to uniquely identify an Invoice Generation
                                            Solution Unit in possession of a taxpayer for the purpose of
                                            stamping (technically cryptographically signing) Simplified
                                            Invoices and for accessing the Reporting and Clearance APIs
                                            using TLS authentication.

67
                               A Compliance CSID is an intermediate CSID provided in

                               response to the CSR submission from an EGS or other solution.

                               In the Core E-invoicing Solution, the Compliance CSID is

        What is the difference between required to complete some compliance checks before the EGS

    13  a Compliance and Production or other solution is able the Production CSID which is required

        CSID?                  for authenticating the EGS or other solution to ZATCA. In the

                               Sandbox, the compliance checks are not required, and the

                               purpose is to therefore to test the integration calls of obtaining

                               the Compliance and Production CSIDs.

                               Yes. As long as the VAT Registration number on the CSID

                               matches the VAT Registration Number on the documents. In

                               other words, for every VAT Registration Number being tested

                               across any API call, a CSID with the same VAT Registration

    14  Can I use the same CSID for any Number is required. Note that the VAT Registration number can

        invoice submission?    be any dummy number that meets the syntax specifications

                               (15 digits, starting with 3 and ending with 3).

                               Only a test Production CSID can be used for submitting

                               invoices, credit or debit notes as well as QR codes.

                               Errors are associated with invalid invoices, credit or debit

                               notes causing the rejection of such submissions. Warnings are

    15  What is the difference between associated with accepted documents which are still not fully

        an error and warning?  compliant with the specifications and standards. Currently the

                               only warning case is an error with the Seller Address and is

                               meant for EGS units to be able to read warning messages.

68
4.2 Technical FAQs
4.2.1 Developer Portal Technical FAQs

    #  Question                                           Answer

       Where can I find more           User manuals contains detailed information on SDK,

       information on the Compliance   Portal-based validator and the Integration Sandbox.

    1  and Enablement Toolbox SDK,     These can be found in the dedicated pages on the

       the Portal based validator and  Developer Portal.

       the Integration Sandbox?

4.2.2 SDK Technical FAQs

    #  Question                                                  Answer

    1  What is an XML?                 An XML is a way to present information in a structured
                                       and machine readable format. The ZATCA e-invoice
    2  What is Command Line            format is based on XML and several other XML-based
                                       standards.
       Interface (CLI)?
                                       A CLI is a way to access and utilize a software application
                                       using commands and it is text-based. CLI tools like the
                                       fatoora tool can be used in scripts to create automations.
                                       Sample: fatoora validatexml -f (invoicename.xml)
                                       In this example, we are naming an application called
                                       "fatoora", in which we want to use the validatexml feature
                                       with a-f command.
                                       The second part that we add is: (invoicename.xml) which is
                                       the path and filename of the XML to be validated.

69
    3  What is a Java and JAR?        Java is a programming language that runs on different
                                      operating systems (OS), such as Windows and Linux. A JAR is
                                      a package file format that is generally used to aggregate many
                                      Java class files and associated metadata and resources (text,
                                      images, etc.) into one file for distribution.

    4  Can I validate the Arabic language No, since the CLI does not support Arabic characters

       fields in a QR code within the CLI? display.

    5  What JAVA version should I     The prerequisite is using the Java SDK (JAR) versions
                                      >=11 and <15.
       install before using the SDK?

    6  What should the user do when   When faced with a JAVA error, the user needs to install JAVA
                                      (versions >=11 and <15) before running and using the SDK.
       faced with a JAVA error?

70
4.2.3 Web Based Validator for Non-Technical Users Technical FAQs

    #             Question                                        Answer

    1  What is a QR code?               A QR code is a coded representation of readable text. In the
                                        context of e-invoicing, the QR code should contain specific
                                        information in a specific format.

       How can the users access         In the context of e-invoicing, users should scan the QR

    2  information contained in the QR  code on e-invoices, debit notes and credit notes by using

       code?                            the ZATCA VAT app. This app is available on the Google

                                        Playstore and iOS App Store free of charge.

    3  What can I do if an XML has      If an XML has error(s), specific error message(s) will be
                                        displayed. Error(s) are likely to occur in cases such as when a
       error(s)?                        mandatory field is missing or a value is in an incorrect format.
                                        The user may require the assistance of a technical expert to
                                        solve the error(s).

71
4.2.4 Integration Sandbox Technical FAQs

    #  Question                                                  Answer

    1  What is the "Reporting API"?    The "Reporting API" reports a single simplified invoice,
                                       credit note, or debit note. Specifically, it accepts a simplified
    2  How can the user access         invoice, credit note, or debit note encoded in base64 and
                                       validates it to ensure:
       "Reporting API"?
                                       1. Compliance to the UBL2 XSD.
       What's the Request Body the     2. EN 16931 Rules subset.
                                       3. KSA Specific Rules set. KSA Rules set will override EN
    3  user should send while calling
                                            16931 Rules set in case the same rule exists in both sets.
       "Reporting API"?                4. QR Code validation
                                       5. Cryptographic Stamp validation

                                       The user will need to do a POST Method on endpoint /
                                       invoices/reporting/single and pass it on "authentication-
                                       certificate" and accept-language as a parameter in the
                                       header. More information can be found on the Integration
                                       Sandbox section of the Developer Portal.

                                       The body object should Contain 2 Values: the first one is
                                       called "invoiceHash" and the second one is called "invoice".
                                       Example:
                                       {
                                        "invoiceHash": "string",
                                        "invoice": "string"
                                       }
                                       More information can be found on the Integration Sandbox
                                       section of the Developer Portal.

72
                                       The response will be 200 HTTP Ok with a Retrieved

                                       object containing 4 values : "invoiceHash","Status"

                                       ,"Warnings", "errors" .

                                       Retrieved object Example:

       What should the user expect     {

    4  as a response if calling the       "invoiceHash": "TODO Add Invoice Hash",

       "Reporting API" was a success?     "status": "Reported",

                                          "warnings": null,

                                          "errors": null

                                       }

                                       More information can be found on the Integration

                                       Sandbox section of the Developer Portal.

                                       The "Clearance API" clears a single standard invoice, credit
                                       note, or debit note. Specifically, it accepts standard invoice,
                                       credit note, or debit note encoded in base64 and validates it
                                       to ensure:

    5  What is the "Clearance API"?    1. Compliance to the UBL2 XSD.
                                       2. EN 16931 Rules subset.
                                       3. KSA Specific Rules set. KSA Rules set will override EN

                                            16931 Rules set in case the same rule exists in both sets.

                                       On successful validation, the api then applies a
                                       cryptographic stamp from ZATCA side and generates a
                                       QR Code string. After that the XML is returned back.

    6  How can the user access         The user will need to do a POST Method on
                                       endpoint /invoices/clearance/single and pass it on
       "Clearance API"?                "authentication-certificate" and accept-language
                                       as a parameter in the header. More information can
                                       be found on the Integration Sandbox section of the
                                       Developer Portal.

73
       What's the Request Body the       The body object should Contain 2 Values: the first one is
                                         called "invoiceHash" and the second one is called "invoice".
    7  user should send while calling    Example:
                                         {
       "Clearance API"?                   "invoiceHash": "string",
                                          "invoice": "string"
       What should the user expect as    }
                                         More information can be found on the Integration Sandbox
    8  a response if calling "Clearance  section of the Developer Portal.

       API" was a Success?               The response will be 200 HTTP Ok with a Retrieved
                                         object containing 4 values : "invoiceHash","Status"
       What are the Response causes      ,"Warnings", "errors" .
                                         Retrieved object Example:
    9  (Code & Description) that can     {
                                          "invoiceHash": "TODO Add Invoice Hash",
       appear while calling "Reporting    "status": "Reported",
                                          "warnings": null,
       single API"?                       "errors": null
                                         }
                                         More information can be found on the Integration
                                         Sandbox section of the Developer Portal.

                                         Code - Description

                                          200- HTTP OK
                                          202- Accepted with Errors, simplified invoice accepted

                                              with warning errors
                                          303- HTTP See Other. Returned when the submitted

                                              invoice is a Standard Invoice while clearance is activated
                                          400- HTTP Bad Request. Returned when the submitted

                                              request is invalid
                                          500- HTTP Internal Server Error. Returned when the

                                              service faces internal errors

74
                                         Code - Description

                                          200- HTTP OK

                                          202- Accepted with Errors, clearance invoice accepted

        What are the Response causes     with warning errors

    10  (Code & Description) that can     303- HTTP See Other. Returned when the submitted

        appear while calling "Clearance  invoice is a Standard Invoice while clearance is

        single API"?                     activated

                                          400- HTTP Bad Request. Returned when the submitted

                                         request is invalid

                                          500- HTTP Internal Server Error. Returned when the

                                         service faces internal errors

    11  What is a CSR ?                  A certificate signing request (CSR) is one of the first steps
                                         towards getting a Cryptographic Stamp Identifier for a device
                                         / solution unit. The CSR contains information (e.g. common
                                         name, organization, country) the ZATCA Certificate Authority
                                         (CA) will use to create your CSID. It also contains the public
                                         key that will be included in your CSID and is signed with the
                                         corresponding private key. Please refer to the CSID API
                                         Swagger files for more details

75
5. Appendix                  ZAKAT, Tax and Customs Authority

5.1 Glossary                 Extensible Markup Language

        ZATCA                Software Development Kit
        XML
        SDK                  Quick Response Code
        QR Code
        SDLC                 Software Development Life Cycle
        CN
        DN                   Credit Note
        CLI
                             Debit Note
        Integration Sandbox
                             Command Line Interface
        CET                  The Integration Sandbox should
                             enable solution developers to
76                           simulate the integration calls/
                             requests
                             Compliance and Enablement Toolbox
    ISB   Integration Sandbox
    EGS   E-invoice Generation Solution
    CRM   Customer Relationship Management
    PKI   Public Key Infrastructure
    JAR   JAVA Archive
    API   Application Programming Interface
    CSID  Cryptographic Stamp Identifier
    CSR   Certificate Signing Request

77
5.2 Developer Portal Security Information

The Developer Portal uses HTTPS, as a secure method of communication between the browser and the
server. The user account is protected by a username and password. The session stays alive for 8 hours
after which the user will need to sign in again.

5.3 Generate CSR
5.3.1 Initiate a CSR configuration file (Open SSL Config. File)

As a part of the first-time onboarding and renewal process, the Taxpayer's EGS Unit(s) must submit a
CSR to the E-invoicing Platform once an OTP is entered into the EGS unit. The CSR is an encoded text
that the EGS Unit(s) submits to the E-invoicing Platform and the ZATCA CA in order to receive a Com-
pliance CSID, which is a self-signed certificate issued by the E-invoicing Platform allowing clients to
continue the Onboarding process.The certificate signing request is encoded text that service providers/
own solution will submit it to ZATCA CA. The digital certificate will be stored in the taxpayer device/s
and EGS identification data will rely on the data provided by the taxpayer through ZATCA Portal without
further validation and therefore, the taxpayer is fully responsible for the accuracy and legitimacy of the
data provided. Also, CSR contains the public key that will be included in the certificate, the private key is
usually created at the same time that service providers/ own solution create the CSR by their selves.
The CSR inputs (Open SSL Config. File) are as follows:

    CSR Inputs  Business Term                  Description                    Specification

    Common      Name or Asset        Provided by the Taxpayer for          Free text
    Name        Tracking Number for  each Solution unit: Unique
                the Solution Unit    Name or Asset Tracking
                                     Number of the Solution Unit

    EGS Serial  Manufacturer or      Automatically filled and not by the   Free text
    Number      Solution Provider    taxpayer: Unique identification code  Validate the format
                Name, Model or       for the EGS.                          with a Regular
                Version and Serial   Manufacturer serial number for        Expression (1-...| 2-...
                Number               each solution unit including          | 3-....)

                                     1. Manufacturer or Solution
                                          Provider Name | 2-Model or
                                          Version | 3-SerialNumber

78
    Organization    VAT or Group       VAT Registration Number of the       15 digits, starting and
    Identifier      VAT Registration   Taxpayer (Taxpayer / Taxpayer        ending with 3
                    Number             device to provide this to allow
    Organization                       to check if the OTP is correctly
    Unit Name                          associated with this TIN)

                    Organization Unit  The branch name for taxpayers.       If 11th digit of
                                       In case of VAT Groups this field     Organization Identifier
                                       should contain the 10-digit TIN      is not = 1 then Free
                                       number of the individual group       text
                                       member whose EGS Unit is
                                       being onboarded                      If 11th digit of
                                                                            Organization Identifier
                                                                            = 1 then needs to be a
                                                                            10 digit number

    Organization    Taxpayer Name      Organization/Taxpayer Name           Free text
    Name

    Country Name    Country Name       Name of the country                  2 letter code

    Invoice Type    Functionality Map  The document type that the           4-digit binary number
    (Functionality                     Taxpayer's solution unit will be     (0s and 1s only, cannot
    Map)                               issuing/generating. It can be one    all be 0s)
                                       or a combination of Standard Tax
                                       Invoice (T), Simplified Tax Invoice
                                       (S), Buyer QR code (C), Seller's
                                       QR code in self-billing (Z).

79
                                          The input should be using the        4-digit    binary
                                          digits 0 & 1 and mapping those to
    Invoice Type    Functionality Map     "TSCZ" where:                        number (0s and 1s
    (Functionality
    Map)            Location of Branch    0 = False/Not supported              only, cannot all be
                    or EGS Unit
    Location                              1= True/Supported                    0s)

    Organization                          For example: 1000 would mean
    Name                                  Solution will be generating
    Industry                              Standard Invoices only. 0100
                                          would mean Solution will be
                                          generating Simplified invoices
                                          only. and 1100 means Solution
                                          will be generating both Standard
                                          and Simplified invoices

                                          The address of the Branch or         Free Text
                                          location where the device or
                                          solution unit is primarily situated
                                          (could be website address for
                                          e-commerce)

                    Taxpayer Name         Organization/Taxpayer Name           Free text

                    Industry or Location  Industry or sector for which the     Free Text
                                          device or solution will generate
                                          invoices

The screenshot below represents the information the user must use to generate a CSR (using Open SSL
Command Tool) and its configuration file as shown below. For further information, please see link: /
index.html (openssl.org)

80
5.3.2 Generate public/private key pair
 According to security implementation document the Key pair shall be generated according to FIPS

     186. Further, reasonable techniques shall be used to validate the suitability of the generated key
     pair.
 The suitability of keys shall be done according to either the ECC Full Public Key Validation Routine or
     the ECC Partial Public Key Validation Routine. [Source: Sections 5.6.2.3.2 and 5.6.2.3.3, respective-
     ly, of NIST SP 56A: Revision 2].
 Keys must be marked as non-exportable in order to prohibit key export out of the security module
     where the key was generated
 A hardware or software based security module can be used to generate and store the key pair as
     long as the above requirements are met.

81
5.3.2.1 Generate Private Key
The service providers/ own solution need to keep the private key secret. The created certificate will
only work with a particular private key that was generated. So if the private key lost, the certificate
will no longer work. we are generating a pair of ECDSA keys with the P-256 (secp256k1) curve, the
PrivateKey.pem file will be the generated private key, change the file name to YourPrivateKey.pem.
the following command show how to generate a private key using OpenSSL:

Sample contents of the PrivateKey.pem private key in PEM format:

5.3.2.2 Generate Public Key
The compressed public key will be created by extracting it from the private key, extracting ECDSA
keys with the P-256 (secp256k1) curve, the PublicKey.pem file will be the extracted public key,
change the file name to YourPublicKey.pem. The following command show how to extract a public
key using OpenSSL:

By using the compressed public key only X values will be used in the elliptic curves:

82
The base64 public key will be use to validate the signature for the standard invoice:
Sample contents of the PublicKey.pem public key in PEM format:

5.3.3 Generate a Certificate Signing Request
The service providers / own solution need to run the following command in order to generate the
certificate signing request, the command include the request to generate the certificate with -sha256.
Sample contents of the CSR:

83
5.3.4 Testing the certificate
The service providers/own solution can test the compliance of the generated CSR using the requests
that can be found in the below Postman collection:
The service providers/own solution needs to add the generated CSR in the body of the request:

84
          External Document

    This guide has been prepared for educational and awareness purposes only,
    its content may be modified at any time. It is not considered in any way binding
    to ZATCA and is not considered in any way a legal consultation. It cannot be
    relied upon as a legal reference in and of itself, It is always necessary to
    refer to the applicable regulations in this regard. Every person subject to
    zakat, tax and customs laws must check his duties and obligations, he is
    solely responsible for compliance with these regulations. ZATCA shall not
    be responsible in any way for any damage or loss The taxpayer is exposed
    to that results from non-compliance with the applicable regulations.

    scan thiscode toviewthelast
    versionandallpublisheddocume nts

        or visit the website zatca.gov.sa
    zatca.gov.sa     

85
