Controls, Requirements, Technical Specifications and Procedural Rules for
  Implementing the Provisions of the E-Invoicing Regulation based on the
    decision of His Excellency the Governor ­ Decision No. (62738) dated
                                             23/11/1443 H

    First: Scope of the application

1. This Resolution, its attached Annexes (1) and (2) and the documents referred to in the Annexes
     which are an integral part thereof, are set to define the controls, requirements, technical
     specifications, or procedural rules required for the implementation of E-Invoicing Regulation
     provisions which are related to the following:

A.  The Generation of Electronic Invoices and Electronic Notes Phase, including

provisions related to its processing, and record keeping of Electronic Invoices and

Electronic Notes, which is applied to all Persons subject to the E-Invoicing Regulation

effective 4th of December 2021.

B.  The Integration Phase on the transmission of Electronic Invoices and Electronic

Notes, and sharing them with the Authority, which shall be applied to all Persons subject

to the E-Invoicing Regulation in phases starting from 1st of January 2023, and according to

the timelines to be determined pursuant to Clause (Sixth) of this Resolution.

2. Persons subject to Article (3) of the E-Invoicing Regulation shall be subject to this Resolution.
3. Electronic Invoices generated in accordance with the provisions of this Resolution, the timelines for

     implementing the requirements and details specified in Annexes (1) and (2) thereof, the Integration
     implementation phases as determined by the Authority and in the format referred to in Clause
     (Second) are the tax invoices that are considered for exercising the right of deduction referred to
     in Article (48), paragraph (1) of the Unified VAT Agreement in relation to transactions subject to
     Article (3) of E-Invoicing Regulation. In order to claim Input Tax Deduction, the electronic invoices
     and notes should be Cleared by or Reported to the Authority as per the Integration Phase
     requirements within this resolution starting from the date announced by the Authority in a
     subsequent resolution.
4. Electronic Invoices shall include Tax Invoices and Simplified Tax Invoices set forth under Article
     (53) of the VAT Implementing Regulation.

5. Transactions subject to Article (3) of the E-Invoicing Regulation include the cases for which tax
     invoices must be issued and set forth under Article (53) of the VAT Implementing Regulation, shall
     include the following:

A. Supplies of taxable goods and services, either they are subject to the standard VAT rate or Zero
rate;
B. Export of goods and services from the Kingdom;
C. Intra-GCC supplies in accordance with the Unified VAT Agreement, VAT Law and the VAT
Implementing Regulation;
D. Nominal supplies by the taxable person in accordance with the Unified VAT Agreement, VAT Law
and VAT Implementing Regulation;
E. Any payments related to supply of goods or services and received by the taxable person before
the actual supply.

Disclaimer: The Arabic language is the official version of the resolution and this version is unofficial translation of

the official Arabic version and in case of any discrepancy between both versions the Arabic version prevails
                                                                     1
    6. Transactions subject to Article (3) of the E-Invoicing Regulation include the cases for which notes
          must be issued as per the VAT Implementing Regulation.

     7. Transactions set forth under Article (3) of E-Invoicing Regulation shall not include the following:

                 A. Supplies fully exempted from VAT.
                 B. Any payments related to supplies fully exempted from VAT and received by a taxable
                 person before such supply.
                 C. Supplies subject to VAT according to the Reverse Charge Mechanism.
                 D. Import of goods to the Kingdom.

  Second: Requirements and details for Generation of Electronic Invoices
                                       and Electronic Notes

The Electronic Invoices and Electronic Notes should be generated in a format that must be compliant with
the requirements and details specified in Annexes (1) and (2), and in accordance with the timelines
specified for the application of these requirements and details, subject to the following:

     1. Electronic Invoices, whether they represent a Tax Invoice or a Simplified Tax Invoice, and their
          associated Electronic Notes, must be generated in a format that covers all details and fields
          required for each type of invoices as specified in Annex (2) and as per the timelines set forth under
          Annexes (1) and (2) of this Resolution.

     2. All Electronic Invoices, whether they represent Tax Invoice or Simplified Tax Invoice, and their
          associated Electronic Notes, must be generated in XML format or PDF/A-3 format (with embedded
          XML) as per the timelines specified for application and set forth under Annexes (1) and (2) of this
          Resolution.

     3. Electronic Invoices and their associated Electronic Notes shall contain a Cryptographic Stamp
          pursuant to what is specified in this Resolution, starting from the date determined by the Authority
          in accordance with the timelines specified in Annexes (1) and (2) of this Resolution. A
          Cryptographic Stamp, for the purposes of implementing this Resolution, means an electronic
          stamp which is created via cryptographic algorithms to ensure authenticity of origin and integrity of
          content of the data of the Electronic Invoices and their associated Electronic Notes, and to ensure
          verification of the identity of the issuer of those Invoices and Notes for the purpose of ensuring
          compliance with the provisions and controls of the VAT Law and its Implementing Regulation
          regarding the generation of tax Invoices and Notes. The Cryptographic Stamp must be generated
          as follows:

                     A. With regards to Tax Invoices and their associated Notes which are generated
                           electronically, the Authority shall - starting from the date which will be determined to
                           oblige the persons subject to E-Invoicing Regulation to integrate with the Authority's
                           systems - clear such Electronic Tax Invoices and their associated Electronic Notes in
                           accordance with the mechanism determined by The Authority. The Authority has the
                           power to revise, amend such mechanisms as well as ensure the adherence of the
                           persons subject to E-Invoicing Regulation to it. Clearance means that the Authority

Disclaimer: The Arabic language is the official version of the resolution and this version is unofficial translation of
the official Arabic version and in case of any discrepancy between both versions the Arabic version prevails

                                                                     2
                           shall verify that the Electronic Tax Invoices and their associated Electronic Notes
                           transmitted to it by the persons subject to E-Invoicing Regulation fulfil the controls and
                           details specified in this Resolution and Annexes (1) and (2) thereof. The Authority shall
                           insert the Cryptographic Stamp only on the Invoices and Notes which fulfil the aforesaid
                           controls and details as well as notify the issuers of such Invoices and Notes prior to
                           sharing them with the customers.

                   B. With regards to Simplified Tax Invoices and their associated Notes which are
                           generated electronically, such Simplified Tax Invoices and their associated Electronic
                           Notes must be reported to the Authority within a period which must not exceed (24)
                           hours from its generation - in accordance with the mechanism determined by the
                           authority ­ starting from the date which will be determined by the Authority to oblige
                           the persons subject to E-Invoicing Regulation to integrate with the Authority's systems.
                           The Authority has the power to revise, amend such mechanisms as well as ensure the
                           adherence of the persons subject to E-Invoicing Regulation to it. Reporting is the
                           process of sharing of the Simplified Tax Invoices and their associated Notes which are
                           generated electronically- which include the Cryptographic Stamp as specified in
                           Clause (Fourth) of this Resolution- with the Authority by the persons subject to E-
                           Invoicing Regulation.

    4. All Electronic Notes must satisfy all the requirements specified in Article (54) of the VAT
         Implementing Regulation, in addition to all requirements and details set forth under this Clause.

    Third: The specifications and Requirements of E-Invoice Solutions for
                         Electronic Invoices and Electronic Notes

     1. The E-Invoice Solution used for generating Electronic Invoices and Electronic Notes must be
          compliant with the specifications and requirements set forth under the E-Invoicing Regulation, this
          Resolution, and Annexes (1) and (2) thereof. The E-Invoice Solution shall be considered as
          compliant after verifying its conformity to all specifications and requirements by the Authority, or a
          third party, or self-certified by the person subject to E-Invoicing Regulation, in accordance with
          mechanisms and requirements set out by the Authority.

     2. In addition to the above-mentioned requirements in paragraph (1) of this Clause, the Compliant
          Solution must fulfill the following requirements:

    A. Electronic Invoices and Electronic Notes' formats and its sharing
         mechanism with customers

                     1. The Compliant E-Invoice solution must be able to generate invoices and their
                     associated notes in the XML format or PDF/A-3 format (with embedded XML) as per the
                     requirements of Electronic Invoices formats specified in Annex (1) of this Resolution.
                     2. Persons subject to E-Invoicing Regulation must share the Tax Invoice, or its associated
                     Notes that has been electronically generated with customers.

Disclaimer: The Arabic language is the official version of the resolution and this version is unofficial translation of
the official Arabic version and in case of any discrepancy between both versions the Arabic version prevails

                                                                     3
                     3. Persons subject to E-Invoicing Regulation must present to their customers a printed
                     copy of the Simplified Tax Invoice or its associated Notes that has been generated
                     electronically, such Simplified Tax Invoice or its associated Notes- upon the agreement
                     between the transaction parties-may also be shared with customers in its electronic format
                     or any other human readable format with customers.

    B. Electronic Invoices and Electronic Notes' Content

          The Compliant E-Invoice solution must be able to generate Electronic Invoices and Electronic
          Notes which include all the data fields required in addition to all requirements and other details
          specified in this Resolution and Annexes (1) and (2) thereof, for each Invoice or Note based on its
          type or nature, and including all taxable supplies and set forth under Clause (First) of this
          Resolution.

    C. Data and Information Security Requirements:

                 1. The Compliant E-Invoice solution must be tamper-resistant and include a mechanism,
                 which prevents tampering and reveals any tampering attempts that might occur by the user or
                 any third party in accordance with the specifications and requirements specified by the
                 Authority. The Authority has the power to verify the conformity of the E-Invoice solution to the
                 specifications and requirements in accordance with the verification mechanism set forth under
               Clause (Fourth) of this Resolution.

                 2. The Compliant E-Invoice solution must be able to protect the generated Electronic Invoices
                 and Electronic Notes from alteration or deletion, and contain some functionalities which enable
                 the person subject to E-invoicing Regulation to save Electronic Invoices and Electronic Notes
                 and archive them in the format as specified in Annexes (1) and (2) of this Resolution without
                 the need for internet connection and in accordance with the specifications, requirements and
                 timelines specified in Annex (1) of this Resolution.

                 3. The Compliant E-Invoice solution must be able to generate a Universally Unique Identifier
                 (UUID) in addition to the Electronic Invoice sequential number which identifies and distinguish
                 each VAT Tax Invoice, Simplified Tax Invoice, and their associated notes in accordance with
                 the specifications, requirements and timelines specified in Annex (2) of this Resolution. This
                 shall be for each Electronic Invoice or Electronic Note generated by such E-Invoice Generation
                 Solution, as per the requirements and timelines specified in Annexes (1) and (2) of this
                 Resolution.

                 4. The Compliant E-Invoice solution which is used for generating Simplified Tax Invoices and
                 their associated Notes, must be able to generate a Cryptographic Stamp for each Electronic
                 Invoice or Electronic Note. Such Cryptographic Stamp must have an identifier as per the
                 requirements and timelines specified in Annexes (1) and (2) of this Resolution, and
                 requirements and mechanisms set forth under Clause (Fourth) of this Resolution.

                 5. The Compliant E-Invoice solution must be able to generate a Hash for each generated
                 Electronic Invoice or Electronic Note within the sequence of the Electronic Invoices and
                 Electronic Notes. The Hash of the Electronic Invoice is then embedded in the next Electronic
                 Invoice in the sequence. This Hash is used to protect the sequence of Invoices from tampering
                 whether by deletion or replacement. Hash is an enciphered text obtained by applying a one-

Disclaimer: The Arabic language is the official version of the resolution and this version is unofficial translation of

the official Arabic version and in case of any discrepancy between both versions the Arabic version prevails
                                                                     4
way algorithm upon data which prevents the return to the original data or amending or
tampering it as specified in Annex (1) of this Resolution.

6. The Compliant E-Invoice solution must be able to generate a QR code which is a type of
matrix barcode, with a pattern of black and white squares that is machine readable by a QR
code scanner or the camera of smart devices in order to enable basic validation of Electronic
Invoices and Electronic Notes (Referred to as "QR Code") as specified in Annex (1) of this
Resolution.

7. The Compliant E-Invoice solution must have a tamper-resistant Electronic Invoice counter
that cannot be reset or reformatted. The counter must increment for each generated Electronic
Invoice or associated note and the Compliant Solution must record the value of this counter
in each Electronic Invoice or associated Notes in the field indicated in Annex (2).

D. Integration requirements:

                1. The approved formats for all Electronic Invoices and Electronic Notes for Integration
                shall be XML format as referred to in this Resolution.
                2. The Compliant E-Invoice solution must be able to connect to an internet connection
                and integrate with external systems by using Application Programming Interface (API)
                specified by the Authority and published on its website.

E. Prohibited functions

1.  The Compliant E-Invoice solution shall not have the prohibited functionalities as

specified in Annex (1) of this Resolution.

2. The Compliant E-Invoice solution must not be able to generate more than one

sequence of Electronic Invoices and Electronic Notes issued through each of the units

within the E-Invoice Solution used. For the purposes of this Resolution, a Unit is the key

component of the E-Invoice Solution that generates the tamper-proofing features of the

sequence of Electronic Invoices by inserting a Hash on the Electronic Invoice or Electronic

Note, in addition to including the Hash of the previous Electronic Invoice or Electronic Note

in a sequence of Electronic Invoices and Electronic Notes, generates the Cryptographic

Stamp for Simplified Tax Invoices and their associated Electronic Notes, and contains a

Cryptographic Stamp Identifier for each Cryptographic Stamp as specified in Annexes (1)

and (2) of this Resolution.

Disclaimer: The Arabic language is the official version of the resolution and this version is unofficial translation of

the official Arabic version and in case of any discrepancy between both versions the Arabic version prevails
                                                                     5
  Fourth: Requirements and mechanisms for verifying the conformity of E-
 Invoice Solutions, Issuance of Cryptographic Stamps, and Cryptographic

                                         Stamp Identifiers.

The Authority shall determine the special mechanism for verifying the conformity of E-Invoice Solutions to
the specifications and requirements referred to in Clause (Third) of this Resolution, it shall also determine
the requirements and mechanisms for issuing Cryptographic Stamps referred to in Clauses (Second) and
(Third) of this Resolution, in addition to determining the requirements of The Cryptographic Stamp
Identifiers which is issued as a result of registering the units used for generating Simplified Tax Invoices
and their associated Electronic Notes with the Authority, which are referred to in Clause (Third), sub-
clause (2/c/4) of this Resolution.

   Fifth: Keeping of records, Electronic Invoices, Electronic Notes and its
                                           associated data

Persons subject to the E-Invoicing Regulation must keep records, Electronic Invoices, Electronic Notes,
and their associated data in a way that is compliant with the format and timelines specified in Annexes (1)
and (2) of this Resolution and in accordance with the record-keeping requirements set forth under Article
(66) of the VAT Implementing Regulation, Persons subject to the E-Invoicing Regulation are obliged to
provide the Authority with all records, Electronic Invoices, Electronic Notes or data upon its request for the
purpose of verifying the validity of Electronic Invoices and Electronic Notes, and verify their compliance with
the provisions of the Unified VAT Agreement, VAT Law, the VAT Implementing Regulation and the E-
Invoicing Regulation.

                                          Sixth: Integration

The Integration phases implementation, transmission of Electronic Invoices and Electronic Notes, and
sharing them with the Authority, shall be implemented through phases starting from 1st of January 2023,
as follows:

     1. The Authority shall determine the targeted groups and phases of Integration for the persons
          subject to E-Invoicing Regulation. The Authority shall notify each target group with the
          implementation procedures for the integration with its systems at least (6) months prior to the due
          date

     2. Persons subject to the E-Invoicing Regulation must integrate their systems with the Authority's
          systems by using an Application Programming Interface "API" in accordance with the timelines,
          targeted groups, and implementation phases of Integration with the Authority's systems.

In addition to Integration requirements specified in Clause (Third), Sub-Clause (2/D), additional details
related to Integration and its implementation phases and timelines will be determined through a
subsequent resolution(s) from the Governor based on the powers set forth in Article (6), Paragraph (b) of
the E-Invoicing Regulation

Disclaimer: The Arabic language is the official version of the resolution and this version is unofficial translation of
the official Arabic version and in case of any discrepancy between both versions the Arabic version prevails

                                                                     6
 Seventh: Obligations of the Persons Subject to the E-Invoicing Regulation

Taking into consideration all the obligations set forth under the Unified VAT Agreement, VAT Law and the
VAT Implementing Regulation, all persons subject to the E-Invoicing Regulation as specified in Article (3)
thereof must adhere to the controls and obligations stipulated in such regulation and this Resolution, and
in particular, adhere to the following:

     1. Generate all tax invoices and notes that must be issued within the timelines specified in the VAT
          law, in an electronic form starting from the day following the expiration date of the grace period
          specified in Article (7), paragraph (B) of the E-Invoicing Regulation.

     2. Comply with all the provisions set forth under the E-Invoicing Regulation in addition to the controls,
          requirements, technical specification and procedural rules specified in this Resolution and Annexes
          (1) and (2) thereof, and any subsequent resolutions for E-Invoicing.

     3. Adhere to the specified timelines for compliance with the specifications and requirements of
          Electronic Invoices and Electronic Notes as per the details and timelines specified in this Resolution
          and Annexes (1) and (2) thereof.

     4. Adhere to the record keeping requirements of Electronic Invoices, Electronic Notes and its
          associated data referred to in Clause (Fifth) of this Resolution, and any other requirements as per
          the applicable laws and regulations.

     5. Notify the Authority through the means specified by the Authority of any incidents, technical error
          or emergency matters which hinder the generation of Electronic Invoices or Electronic Notes, or
          hinder the integration of E-Invoicing. The Authority may determine the procedure which should be
          taken after the validation of such incident, technical error or emergency matter as per its policies.
          Persons subject to the E-Invoicing Regulation must notify the Authority in the event of the
          disappearance of such incident, technical error or emergency matter. Persons Subject to the E-
          Invoicing Regulation shall resume generation of Tax Invoices and associated Notes, and any
          Invoices or Notes for Transactions conducted during such incidents, technical error or emergency
          matters electronically, and integrate them with the Authority according to Integration obligations
          promptly as soon as such incident, technical error or emergency matter that prevented the
          Generation or Integration of The Electronic Invoices or The Electronic Notes is fixed.

     6. Not to use any E-Invoice Solution which is not compliant with the specifications and requirements
          referred to in Clause (Third), and in accordance with the timelines and controls specified in this
          Resolution and Annexes (1) and (2) thereof.

     7. Register the units used for generating Simplified Tax Invoices and their associated Electronic Notes
          as part of the E-Invoice solution with the Authority, in accordance with the mechanisms and controls
          referred to in this Resolution and any subsequent resolutions.

     8. Preserve the Cryptographic Stamp Identifiers and its associated components in a safe way, and
          protect them from copying or illegal use, and not use them for purposes other than those which
          they are intended for.

     9. Integrate the E-Invoice solution of the persons subject to the E-Invoicing Regulation with the
          Authority's systems starting from the date specified in this Resolution and any subsequent
          resolution in this regard.

     10. Sharing the Electronic invoices and the notices associated thereto with the Authority shall be in
          XML format as of the dates specified for the Integration implementation and according to the
          timelines specified by the Authority.

Disclaimer: The Arabic language is the official version of the resolution and this version is unofficial translation of

the official Arabic version and in case of any discrepancy between both versions the Arabic version prevails
                                                                     7
                                   Eighth: Closing Provisions

     1. The Authority may authorize one or more entities to perform the verification procedures for the E-
          Invoice Generation Solution in order to ensure its conformity to the specifications and requirements
          as per Clause (Third), and verify the fulfillment of the requirements and mechanisms for issuing
          Cryptographic Stamps referred to in Clauses (Second), (Third), and (Fourth) of this Resolution.
          Such entity shall verify the conformity of each E-Invoice Generation Solution to the specifications
          and requirements specified in this Resolution and Annexes (1) and (2) thereof.

     2. Penalties and fines set forth under the VAT Law shall be applied on persons violating the E-
          Invoicing Regulation and this Resolution, according to the violation's classifications specified in the
          relevant Board of Directors' resolutions.

                             Ninth: Enforcement and Obligation

     1. Persons subject to the E-Invoicing Regulation shall comply with the specifications and requirements
          set forth in this Resolution starting from the day following the expiration date of the grace period as
          per Article (7), paragraph (b) of the E-Invoicing Regulation, taking into consideration the specified
          timelines for the implementation and compliance with each of the specifications and requirements
          as specified in Annexes (1) and (2) of this Resolution.

     2. This Resolution shall come into force and take effect as of the date of its publication in the Official
          Gazette.

Disclaimer: The Arabic language is the official version of the resolution and this version is unofficial translation of
the official Arabic version and in case of any discrepancy between both versions the Arabic version prevails

                                                                     8
                                                                            Annexes

Annexures (1) and (2) below are concerned with specifying the details of the functional and technical requirements and specifications necessary to implement
the rules and regulations of the electronic invoicing resolution and the relevant decisions, which will be implemented in two main stages:

      The first stage: Generation of Electronic Invoices and Electronic Notes, including provisions related to its processing, and record keeping, effective 4th
          of December 2021.

      The second stage: Integration phase, transmission of Electronic Invoices and Electronic Notes, and sharing them with the Authority for each target
          group based on the implementation waves announced by the Authority for the integration with the ZATCA

                                                                           Annex (1)
                                             Technical Requirements of E-invoice Generation Solutions

This annex contains the following requirements details and shall be reviewed and updated periodically by the Authority.
     (1) Electronic Invoice requirements covering types of invoices, invoice formats and invoice structure.
     (2) Security and stamps requirements covering cryptographic stamping, hashing, etc.
     (3) Data and connectivity requirements of the E-Invoice Generation Solutions for Electronic Invoices and Electronic Notes.
     (4) Prohibited capabilities and functions.

Disclaimer: The Arabic language is the official version of the resolution and this version is unofficial translation of the official Arabic version and in case of
any discrepancy between both versions the Arabic version prevails

                                                                                                9
Technical Functionalities mandated from 4th December 2021

Requirements                   Description
Types of Invoices and Notes
                               Ability to generate the main types of e-invoices and notes:
Invoice and Credit/Debit Note
Format                           - Tax Invoice and associated Credit/Debit Note
Invoice and Credit/Debit Note    - Simplified Tax Invoice and associated Credit/Debit Note
Structure
                                    - No required format as long as the required data are present in the invoices and notes.
Data Processing & Security
                                 - E-invoices and associated notes must contain all the mandated fields by the Authority as specified in Annex 2 as per the

                                         enforcement timelines.

                                 - E-invoices and associated notes must comply with the business rules assigned to the conditional fields, and comply with the

                                         field content validations (allowable values).

                                 - E-invoices and associated notes should be time-stamped.

                                 - Enable taxpayer to export e-invoices and associated notes to offline local archival.
                                 - E-invoice Solution unit locks or tamper evidence mechanisms (Simplified Tax Invoices only and their associated notes).

Data Storage and Archival      - Ability to export generated invoices and associated notes into an external archival system to allow the Persons Subject to the

                                     Electronic Invoicing Regulation to comply with Clause Fifth of this Resolution.

                               - Export of generated electronic Invoices or Notes for archival purposes shall be as files with names consisting of:
                                      - VAT registration number
                                      - Electronic Invoice or Notes issuance date
                                      - Electronic Invoice or Notes issuance time
                                      - Electronic Invoice or Notes reference number (IRN)

Disclaimer: The Arabic language is the official version of the resolution and this version is unofficial translation of the official Arabic version and in case of
any discrepancy between both versions the Arabic version prevails

                                                                                               10
QR Code                      For Simplified Electronic Invoices and associated Notes, it is mandatory to generate and print QR code that must contain:

                             ID           Field

                             1            Seller's name

                             2            VAT registration number of the seller

                             3            Time stamp of the Electronic Invoice or Credit/Debit Note (date and time)

                             4            Electronic Invoice or Credit/Debit Note total (with VAT)

                             5            VAT total

Additional Technical Functionalities mandated from 1st of January 2023 for each target group based on the implementation waves announced by the
Authority for the integration with the ZATCA

Additional Requirements      Description

Electronic Invoice and       - XML (mandated for Electronic Invoice and Credit/Debit Notes generation and transmission) based on ZATCA's specifications
Credit/Debit Note Format
                                   and requirements
Electronic Invoice and
Credit/Debit Note Structure  - PDF/A-3 with embedded XML file (optional human readable format for sharing the invoice or the note with the customer)

                             - Electronic Invoice and associated Notes must contain all the mandated fields by the Authority as specified in Annex 2 as per

                                   the enforcement timelines.

                             - Electronic Invoice and associated notes must comply with the business rules assigned to the conditional fields, and comply

                                   with the field content validations (allowable values).

Disclaimer: The Arabic language is the official version of the resolution and this version is unofficial translation of the official Arabic version and in case of
any discrepancy between both versions the Arabic version prevails

                                                         11
Data Processing & Security       - Generation of a unique ID (UUID) for each Electronic Invoice or associated Note.
                                 - Tamper-resistant counter that increments for each Electronic Invoice and Credit/Debit Note issued.

Cryptographic Stamp (Simplified  - Each electronic invoicing system that generates Simplified Tax Invoices and its associated Notes must have a unique
Tax Invoices only and its
associated Notes)                      cryptographic stamp identifier that will be used to apply a cryptographic stamp on each Simplified Tax Invoice and its
                                       associated Note.

                                 - Each Simplified Tax Invoice and its associated Note must have a cryptographic stamp.
                                 - The cryptographic stamp identifier will be issued and managed through the Authority's portal. Taxpayers shall login to the

                                       Authority's portal using their current accounts in order to request and manage cryptographic stamp identifiers for their
                                       Electronic Invoice Solutions.

                                 - Generation of the Stamping Key associated with the cryptographic stamp identifier.
                                 - A new stamping key shall be generated upon Cryptographic Stamp Identifier renewal.
                                 - Stamping key should be marked as non-exportable so that it cannot be exported out of the security module.
                                 - Disk encryption shall be used for the E-Invoice Solution to protect the stamping key in case of using software to store that key.

Additional Cryptographic         - Ability to use standard Secure Hashing Algorithms
Capabilities

UUID                             The UUID is a 128-bit number, generated by an algorithm chosen to make it unlikely that the same identifier will be generated by
                                 anyone else in the known universe using the same algorithm.

QR Code                          - For all types of Electronic Invoices and Electronic Notes, it is mandatory to generate and print QR code that must contain the

                                       following fields:

                                 ID  Field

                                 1   Seller's name

                                 2   VAT registration number of the seller

      Disclaimer: The Arabic language is the official version of the resolution and this version is unofficial translation of the official Arabic version and in case of
      any discrepancy between both versions the Arabic version prevails

                                                                                                     12
              3  Time stamp of the Electronic Invoice or Credit/Debit Note (date and time in accordance with ISO 8601 for

                 example 2022-02-21T12:13:57Z)

              4  Electronic Invoice or Credit/Debit note amount (with VAT)

              5  VAT amount

              6  Hash of XML Electronic Invoice or Credit/Debit Note

              7  ECDSA signature of the XML Hash

                 - For Simplified Tax Invoices and their associated notes, the stamp is generated by the E-Invoice

                 Generating Solution

                 - For Tax Invoices and their associated notes that are integrated with ZATCA's platform, the stamp is

                 generated by ZATCA's platform

              8  ECDSA public key extracted from the signing private key

                 - For Simplified Tax Invoices and their associated notes, this is the public key of the E-Invoice

                 Generating Solution

                 - For Tax Invoices and their associated notes that are integrated with ZATCA's platform, this field is

                 optional and is the public key of ZATCA's platform

              9  For Simplified Tax Invoices and their associated notes, the ECDSA signature of the cryptographic stamp

                 issued by ZATCA's technical CA

Connectivity  - Able to establish encrypted and authenticated connection (such as TLS) over the internet
              - Ability to periodically upload e-invoices and their associated notes in batch to external API (Simplified Tax Invoice only and the

                    associated notes)

              - Ability to submit invoices and their associated notes in real-time and receive a response (Electronic Tax Invoice only and the

                    associated notes)

Disclaimer: The Arabic language is the official version of the resolution and this version is unofficial translation of the official Arabic version and in case of
any discrepancy between both versions the Arabic version prevails

                                                                                               13
                                  - In case the solution is offline, e-invoices and any associated notes are queued, and solution remains operational, invoices and

                                        notes are reported after connection re-established

Prohibited Functionalities

     1. The functionalities described under this table are not permitted to be enabled in any of the E-Invoice Solutions used for E-Invoicing subject of this
          Resolution.

     2. Any E-invoice Solution that is deemed to have enabled any of the below functions will be deemed non- compliant with the E-Invoicing requirements
          set by the Authority.

Prohibited Functionalities        Description                                                                               Enforced as of 1st of January
                                                                                                                          2023 only for each target group
                                                                                             Enforced on 4th of December   based on the implementation
                                                                                                           2021
                                                                                                                                         waves

Uncontrolled access               - Anonymous access                                         X

                                  - Ability to operate with default password

                                  - Absence of user session management

Tampering of e-invoices or their  - Allow alteration or deletion of generated e-invoices or  X

associated notes or logs          their associated notes

                                  - Allows for log modification/deletion

                                  - Generated with inaccurate timestamps

                                  - Non-sequential log generation

                                  - Electronic Invoice counter reset

Disclaimer: The Arabic language is the official version of the resolution and this version is unofficial translation of the official Arabic version and in case of
any discrepancy between both versions the Arabic version prevails

                                                                                               14
Multiple Electronic Invoice  - Allow ability to generate more than one Electronic      X

sequences                    Invoice sequence at any given time

Export of stamping keys      - Provide an option to export cryptographic stamp            X

                             stamping key

Time change                  - Allow software time changes                                X

                             - Allow modification of timestamp value during E-Invoice

                             or Credit/Debit Note issuing

In addition to all the technical requirements mentioned above, additional details, requirements, and specifications relevant to the information
 above in the "Electronic Invoice Security Implementation Standards" must be abided by. This file is an essential part of this annexure and is

                                                          applied alongside the annex and the resolution.

Disclaimer: The Arabic language is the official version of the resolution and this version is unofficial translation of the official Arabic version and in case of
any discrepancy between both versions the Arabic version prevails

                                                                                               15
                                                                Annex (2) E- Invoices Fields

          This annex shall contain the list of fields that are required to be present on electronic invoices to be enforced in accordance with the timelines specified
          for each field. The timelines are as follows and are indicated individually for each field:

                1. 4th of December 2021
                2. Starting from 1st of January 2023 for each target group based on the implementation waves announced by the Authority for the integration

                     with the ZATCA
          As part of the implementation of the Resolution, the below Electronic Invoice fields included within each Electronic Invoice type are represented by 3
          levels of obligation as defined under the column "Obligation":

                1. Mandatory: A field that must be included in the Electronic Invoice and its associated Note with its details at all times
                2. Conditional: A field that must be included in the Electronic Invoice and its associated Note if it satisfies certain conditions, and can be excluded

                     if the conditions are not present
                3. Optional: A field that is not obligatory to be included within the Electronic Invoice and its associated Note , but needs to be available to be filled

                     by the taxpayer in the E-Invoice Generating Solution
          The Implementation of the resolution also includes requirements of visibility of the specific field on the Electronic Invoice or Credit/Debit Note in human
          readable form such as the PDF or the printed Electronic Invoice or Credit/Debit Note:

                1. Required: A field that must be present on the Electronic Invoice or Credit/Debit Note printout by the corresponding enforcement date of the
                     field

                2. Not Required: A field that is not mandatory to be presented on the printed version of the Electronic Invoice or Credit/Debit Note, and is up to
                     the discretion of the taxpayer to be included within the printout

Disclaimer: The Arabic language is the official version of the resolution and this version is unofficial translation of the official Arabic version and in case of
any discrepancy between both versions the Arabic version prevails

                                                                                               16
A Tax Invoice shall contain the following specifications:

#  Field                                                       Validation                       Visibility on Invoice  Obligation   Enforced on                     Enforced as
                                                                                                   (such as PDF ,                       4th of                           of

                                                                                                printout, any other                  December                           1st of
                                                                                                 human readable                         2021                          January
                                                                                                        form)                                                        2023 only
                                                                                                                                                                      for each
                                                                                                                                                                       target
                                                                                                                                                                       group
                                                                                                                                                                     based on

                                                                                                                                                                         the
                                                                                                                                                                    implement

                                                                                                                                                                        ation
                                                                                                                                                                       waves

1 Type of Invoice                                              Enumerated value                 Document title is Mandatory         X

  1.1 Invoice Type Description                                                                  Tax Invoice

         Tax Invoice as per article 53(5) of VAT Implementing  The self-billing option is only  Required               Conditional  X
         Regulation
                                                               allowed where both parties       The invoice should be
  1.2 Special billing agreement flags upon the Authority        are VAT registered and it is      marked as a "Self-
         approval:                                             not allowed in Simplified Tax        billed Invoice"

                Self-billed Invoice                                        Invoices.

                                                               Enumerated value

Disclaimer: The Arabic language is the official version of the resolution and this version is unofficial translation of the official Arabic version and in case of
any discrepancy between both versions the Arabic version prevails

                                                                                               17
1.3 Special billing agreement flags upon the Authority                                      Not Required  Conditional                                               X
       approval:

             Third party billed invoice on behalf of the
                  supplier

1.4 Special transaction type flags (not mutually exclusive) If any of the conditions are    Not Required  Conditional                                               X

 Nominal Supply                                            present

 Export

 Summary

2 Invoice Identifiers

2.1 Invoice Reference Number (IRN): A unique, sequential   N/A                              Required      Mandatory    X

note number, issued by taxpayer, as per Article

53(5)(b) of the VAT Implementing Regulation.

2.2 Universally Unique Invoice Identifier in UUID format.  N/A                              Not Required  Mandatory                                                 X

UUID is A 128-bit number, generated by an algorithm

chosen to make it unlikely that the same identifier will

be generated by anyone else.

2.3 Previous document (invoice/note) hash.                 N/A                              Not required  Mandatory                                                 X

A hash is a digital fingerprint of a document obtained

using a standardized hashing algorithm to prevent

modifying or tampering with the original data.

2.4 QR Code. This field needs to be present in the human QR Code provided by ZATCA.         Required      Mandatory                                                 X

readable format, to validate the visualized invoice.       It should contain the fields as

                                                           mentioned in Annex (1)

2.5 Invoice tamper-resistant counter value                 N/A                              Not required  Mandatory                                                 X

Disclaimer: The Arabic language is the official version of the resolution and this version is unofficial translation of the official Arabic version and in case of
any discrepancy between both versions the Arabic version prevails

                                                                                               18
3 Date

3.1 Invoice issue date as per Article 53(5)(a) of the VAT        The format needs to be        Required      Mandatory    X
       Implementing Regulation                                         YYYY-MM-DD

3.2 Invoice issue time                                           The format needs to be        Not Required  Mandatory    X
                                                                         HH:mm:ss

3.3 Supply date. The supply date needs to be present, if it      The format needs to be YYYY-  Required      Conditional  X
       is different from the invoice issue date, as per Article               MM-DD
       53(5)(g) of the VAT Implementing Regulation

4 Seller Identification

4.1 Name as per Article 53(5)(e) of the VAT Implementing         N/A                           Required      Mandatory    X

Regulation

4.2 Address as per Article 53(5)(e) of the VAT                   N/A                           Required      Mandatory    X
       Implementing Regulation.

4.3 VAT registration numbers as per Article 53(5)(c) of the                                    Required      Mandatory    X
       VAT Implementing Regulation and in case the seller is
       part of a VAT group then the VAT group Registration
       number should be entered

4.4 Additional seller IDs. one of the following IDs must be      N/A                           Required      Mandatory                                              X

entered:

        1. Commercial Registration (CR)
        2. MOMRA License
        3. MLSD License
        4. SAGIA License
        5. Other ID of the seller.

It consists of:

Disclaimer: The Arabic language is the official version of the resolution and this version is unofficial translation of the official Arabic version and in case of
any discrepancy between both versions the Arabic version prevails

                                                                                               19
1. Type of ID
2. ID Number

Note: If the CR is chosen and in case of multiple
commercial registrations, the seller should fill the
commercial registration of the branch in respect of
which the Tax Invoice is being issued. In case multiple
IDs exist then one of the above must be entered
following the sequence specified above

5 Buyer Identification

5.1 Name, as per Article 53(5)(e) of the VAT Implementing         N/A                     Required  Mandatory    X
                                                                                          Required
Regulation

5.2 Address as per Article 53(5)(e) of the VAT                    N/A                               Mandatory    X

Implementing Regulation

5.3 VAT registration number (if applicable) for the buyer     Not mandatory for export    Required  Conditional  X
       and in case the buyer is part of a VAT group then the             invoices.
       VAT group Registration number should be entered
                                                              Not Mandatory for internal
                                                                         supplies

5.4 Additional buyer ID if the buyer is not VAT registered.   Not mandatory for export    Required  Conditional                                                     X

One of the following IDs has to be provided:                  invoices.

1. Tax Identification Number (TIN)
2. CR
3. MOMRA License
4. MLSD License
5. 700 Number
6. SAGIA License
7. National ID
8. GCC ID

Disclaimer: The Arabic language is the official version of the resolution and this version is unofficial translation of the official Arabic version and in case of
any discrepancy between both versions the Arabic version prevails

                                                              20
9. Iqama Number
10. Passport ID of the buyer.

It consists of:

1. Type of ID

2. ID Number

In case multiple IDs exist then one of the above must
be entered following the sequence specified above

6 Order Reference

6.1 Purchase order                                           N/A                            Not required  Optional                                                  X

6.2 Contract number                                          N/A                            Not required  Optional                                                  X

7 Line Items

7.1 Goods or Service Description as per Article 53(5)(f) of  N/A                            Required      Mandatory    X

the VAT Implementing Regulation

7.2 Goods or Service Code                                    N/A                            Not required  Optional                                                  X

7.3 Unit Price as per Article 53(5)(h) of the VAT            N/A                            Required      Mandatory    X

Implementing Regulation

7.4 Quantity as per Article 53(5)(f) of the VAT              N/A                            Required      Mandatory    X
       Implementing Regulation

7.5 Discount or rebate percentage, if discount is provided To be filled if the discount is  Not Required  Conditional                                               X

at line item level                                           provided at line item levels

                                                             (goods or service)

Disclaimer: The Arabic language is the official version of the resolution and this version is unofficial translation of the official Arabic version and in case of
any discrepancy between both versions the Arabic version prevails

                                                                                               21
7.6 Discount or rebate amount, if discount is provided at   To be filled if the discount is  Required      Conditional  X
       line item level as per Article 53(5)(h) of the VAT   provided at line item levels
       Implementing Regulation
                                                                  (goods or service)

7.7 Subtotal (exclusive of VAT)                                 N/A                          Required      Mandatory                                                X

7.8 VAT rate as per Article 53(5)(i) of the VAT             It is mandatory if the goods     Required      Conditional  X
       Implementing Regulation                              / service is not Out Of Scope

                                                                or Exempt from VAT.

7.9 VAT category code                                           N/A                          Not required  Mandatory                                                X

7.10 VAT amount as per Article 53(5)(j) of the VAT              N/A                          Required      Mandatory    X
        Implementing Regulation

7.11 Subtotal (inclusive of VAT)                                N/A                          Required      Mandatory                                                X

7.12 Charge amount, without VAT if charge is provided at    To be filled only if charge is   Required, if  Conditional                                              X

line item level                                                 applied                      populated

7.13 prepayment subtotal (Exclusive of VAT) per Rate or     To be filled only if             Required, if  Conditional                                              X

exemption                                                   prepayment is used               populated

7.14 prepayment VAT amount per Rate or exemption"           To be filled only if             Required, if  Conditional                                              X

                                                            prepayment is used               populated

7.15 prepayment VAT rate, per Rate or exemption"            To be filled only if             Required, if  Conditional                                              X

                                                            prepayment is used               populated

8 Total Amounts

8.1 Discount or rebate percentage, if discount is provided  To be filled if discount is      Not required  Conditional                                              X

at invoice level                                            provided at invoice level

8.2 Discount or rebate amount, if discount is provided at   To be filled if discount is      Required      Conditional  X
       invoice level as per Article 53(5)(h) of the VAT     provided at invoice level
       Implementing Regulation

Disclaimer: The Arabic language is the official version of the resolution and this version is unofficial translation of the official Arabic version and in case of
any discrepancy between both versions the Arabic version prevails

                                                            22
8.3 Invoice Taxable Amount per rate or exemption as per    N/A                             Required                Mandatory                                        X

Article 53(5)(h) of the VAT Implementing Regulation

8.4 VAT Total as per Article 53(5)(j) of the VAT           VAT Total must be in SAR        Required                Mandatory    X
       Implementing Regulation

8.5 Invoice Gross Total (inclusive of VAT)                 N/A                             Required                Mandatory    X

Statement - "Amount includes VAT"

8.6 Charge amount, without VAT if charge is applied To be filled only if charge is         Required, if            Conditional                                      X

at document level                                          applied                         populated

8.7 Advanced payment adjustment amount (inclusive          Adjustment towards              Required, if            Conditional                                      X

of VAT)                                                    Advanced payment on             populated

                                                           which VAT is charged by a

                                                           separate invoice

                                                             To be filled only if
                                                           prepayment is applied

8.8 Rounding Amount                                        To be filled only if rounding   Required, if            Optional                                         X

                                                           adjustment is applied           populated

8.9 Amount due for payment                                 To be filled only if            Required, if the        Mandatory                                        X

                                                           prepayment subtotal             condition is satisfied

                                                           (Exclusive of VAT) per Rate or

                                                           exemption (7.13) or rounding

                                                           amount (8.7) is used

9 Payment Terms

9.1 Payment means, to specify if mode of payment is cash,  N/A                             Not required                                                             X

credit/debit cards, bank transfer, credit, and/or others.                                                          Mandatory

Disclaimer: The Arabic language is the official version of the resolution and this version is unofficial translation of the official Arabic version and in case of
any discrepancy between both versions the Arabic version prevails

                                                                                               23
9.2 Payment Terms, if mode of payment is by credit.              N/A                           Not required  Optional                                               X

9.3 Supplier's Bank Account details, if mode of payment is       To be filled if Payment       Not required  Optional                                               X

by credit.                                                       Method is credit

10 Notes

10.1 Notes, to enter any information not captured in invoice     N/A                           Not required  Optional                                               X

fields

11 Special Tax Treatment

11.1 Where Tax is not charged at the standard rate, this         Narration to be entered if    Required      Conditional  X
        field should have a narration "Tax treatment applied to  Tax is not charged at basic
        the supply" as per Article 53(5)(k) of the VAT
        Implementing Regulation                                               rate

12 Cryptographic Stamp                                           Cryptographic Stamp           Not required  Mandatory                                              X

                                                                 provided by ZATCA. It must

                                                                 match the Electronic Invoice

                                                                 content

Disclaimer: The Arabic language is the official version of the resolution and this version is unofficial translation of the official Arabic version and in case of
any discrepancy between both versions the Arabic version prevails

                                                                                               24
A Simplified Tax Invoice shall contain the following specifications:

#  Field                                                                  Validation    Visibility on Invoice   Obligation   Enforced on                            Enforced as
                                                                                           (such as PDF ,                        4th of                                   of
                                                                      Enumerated value
                                                                              N/A       printout, any other                   December                                  1st of
                                                                              N/A        human readable                          2021                                 January
                                                                                                form)                                                                2023 only
                                                                                                                                                                      for each
                                                                                                                                                                    target group
                                                                                                                                                                      based on

                                                                                                                                                                         the
                                                                                                                                                                    implementa
                                                                                                                                                                     tion waves

1 Type of Invoice                                                                       Document title is Mandatory          X
1.1 Invoice Type Description
                                                                                        Simplified Tax Invoice
       Simplified Tax Invoice as per article 53(8) of VAT
       Implementing Regulation                                                          Not Required            Conditional                                         X
1.2 Special billing arrangement flags upon the Authority
       approval:                                                                        Not Required            Conditional                                         X

             Third party billed invoice
1.3 Special transaction type flags (not mutually exclusive)

             Nominal Supply
             Summary
2 Invoice Identifiers

Disclaimer: The Arabic language is the official version of the resolution and this version is unofficial translation of the official Arabic version and in case of
any discrepancy between both versions the Arabic version prevails

                                                                                               25
2.1 Invoice Reference Number (IRN): A unique, sequential note   N/A                           Required      Mandatory    X

number, issued by taxpayer, as per Article 53(5)(b) of the VAT

Implementing Regulation.

2.2 Universally Unique Invoice Identifier in UUID format.       N/A                           Not Required  Mandatory                                               X

UUID is A 128-bit number, generated by an algorithm chosen
to make it unlikely that the same identifier will be generated
by anyone else.

2.3 Previous invoice/note hash.                                 N/A                           Not required  Mandatory                                               X

A hash is a digital fingerprint of a document obtained using a
standardized hashing algorithm to prevent modifying or
tampering with the original data.

2.4 QR Code. This field needs to be present in the human        QR Code should contain the    Required      Mandatory    X
       readable format, to validate the printed invoice.        fields as mentioned in Annex

                                                                               (1)

2.5 Invoice tamper-resistant counter                            N/A                           Not Required  Mandatory                                               X

3 Date

3.1 Invoice issue date as per Article 53(8)(a) of the VAT       The format needs to be        Required      Mandatory    X
       Implementing Regulation                                        YYYY-MM-DD

3.2 Invoice issue time                                          The format needs to be        Not Required  Mandatory    X
                                                                        HH:mm:ss

3.3 Supply date. The supply date needs to be present, if it is  The format needs to be        Required      Conditional                                             X

different from the invoice issue date, as per Article 53(7)(c   YYYY-MM-DD

and d) of the VAT Implementing Regulation

4 Seller Identification

Disclaimer: The Arabic language is the official version of the resolution and this version is unofficial translation of the official Arabic version and in case of
any discrepancy between both versions the Arabic version prevails

                                                                                               26
4.1 Name as per Article 53(8)(b) of the VAT Implementing            N/A  Required      Mandatory  X
                                                                         Required
Regulation                                                               Required

4.2 Address as per Article 53(8)(b) of the VAT Implementing         N/A                Mandatory  X

Regulation.

4.3 VAT registration number as per Article 53(8)(b) of the VAT                         Mandatory  X
       Implementing Regulation and in case the seller is part of a
       VAT group then the VAT group Registration number should
       be entered

4.4 Additional seller ID. one of the following ID's must be         N/A  Not required  Mandatory                                                                    X

entered:

1. Commercial Registration (CR)
2. MOMRA License
3. MLSD License
4. SAGIA License
5. Other ID of the seller.

It consists of:

1. Type of ID

2. ID Number

Note: In case of multiple commercial registrations, the seller
should fill the commercial registration of the branch in
respect of which the Tax Invoice is being issued. In case
multiple IDs exist then one of the above must be entered
following the sequence specified above

5 Buyer Identification

Disclaimer: The Arabic language is the official version of the resolution and this version is unofficial translation of the official Arabic version and in case of
any discrepancy between both versions the Arabic version prevails

                                                                                               27
5.1 Name                                                         Name is mandatory to be         Required      Conditional                                          X

                                                                 filled as per the transactions

                                                                 mentioned in article 53 (7)

                                                                 and for private education

                                                                 and private healthcare to

                                                                 citizens

5.2 Address                                                      N/A                             Not required  Optional                                             X

5.3 Additional buyer ID.                                         National ID is mandatory to     Required      Conditional                                          X

Required only for private education or private healthcare         be filled for private
supplies to Citizens. This field should contain the National ID  education and private
only for invoices pertaining to private education and private    healthcare to citizens

healthcare to citizens

6 Order Reference

6.1 Purchase order                                               N/A                             Not required  Optional                                             X

6.2 Contract number                                              N/A                             Not required  Optional                                             X

7 Line Items

7.1 Goods or Service Description as per Article 53(8)(c) of the  N/A                             Required      Mandatory    X

VAT Implementing Regulation

7.2 Goods or Service Code                                        N/A                             Not required  Optional                                             X

7.3 Unit Price                                                   N/A                             Required      Mandatory    X

7.4 Quantity                                                     N/A                             Required      Mandatory    X

7.5 Discount or rebate percentage                                N/A                             Not required  Optional                                             X

7.6 Discount or rebate amount                                    N/A                             Not required  Optional                                             X

Disclaimer: The Arabic language is the official version of the resolution and this version is unofficial translation of the official Arabic version and in case of
any discrepancy between both versions the Arabic version prevails

                                                                                               28
7.7 Subtotal (exclusive of VAT)                                      N/A                           Not required                                                     X

                                                                                                                 Mandatory

7.8 VAT rate                                                         N/A                           Not required  Optional                                           X

7.9 VAT category code                                                N/A                           Not required  Mandatory                                          X

7.10 VAT amount as per Article 53(8)(e) of the VAT Implementing      N/A                           Not required  Optional                                           X

Regulation

7.11 Subtotal (inclusive of VAT) as per Article 53(8)(d) of the VAT  N/A                           Required      Mandatory                                          X

Implementing Regulation with a statement saying "inclusive

of VAT"

7.12 Charge amount, without VAT if charge is provided at line item To be filled only if charge is  Required, if  Conditional                                        X

level                                                                applied                       populated

7.13 prepayment subtotal (Exclusive of VAT) per Rate or              To be filled only if          Required, if  Conditional                                        X

exemption                                                            prepayment is used            populated

7.14 prepayment VAT amount per Rate or exemption                     To be filled only if          Required, if  Conditional                                        X

                                                                     prepayment is used            populated

7.15 prepayment VAT rate, per Rate or exemption                      To be filled only if          Required, if  Conditional                                        X

                                                                     prepayment is used            populated

8 Total Amounts

8.1 Discount or rebate percentage, if discount is provided at                                      Not required  Optional                                           X
       invoice level

8.2 Discount or rebate amount, if discount is provided at invoice                                  Not required  Conditional                                        X
       level

8.3 Invoice Taxable Amount per rate or exemption                                                   Required      Conditional                                        X

Disclaimer: The Arabic language is the official version of the resolution and this version is unofficial translation of the official Arabic version and in case of
any discrepancy between both versions the Arabic version prevails

                                                                                               29
8.4 VAT Total as per Article 53(8)(e) of the VAT Implementing                                          Required                Conditional  X
       Regulation

8.5 Invoice Gross Total (inclusive of VAT) as per Article 53(8)(d) of   If VAT total and invoice       Required                Conditional  X
       the VAT Implementing Regulation                                   taxable amount is not
                                                                       entered, Gross Total to be
       If VAT total is not entered, Gross Total to be entered
                                                                                  entered
       Statement - "Amount includes VAT"
                                                                         Statement - "Amount
                                                                              includes VAT"

8.6 Charge amount, without VAT if charge is applied at                 To be filled only if charge is  Required, if            Conditional                          X

document level                                                         applied                         populated

8.7 Advanced payment adjustment amount (inclusive of VAT) Adjustment towards                           Required, if            Conditional                          X

                                                                       Advanced payment on             populated

                                                                       which VAT is charged by a

                                                                       separate invoice

                                                                         To be filled only if
                                                                       prepayment is applied

8.8 Rounding Amount                                                    To be filled only if rounding   Required, if            Optional                             X

                                                                       adjustment is applied           populated

8.9 Amount due for payment                                             To be filled only if            Required, if the        Mandatory                            X

                                                                       prepayment subtotal             condition is satisfied

                                                                       (Exclusive of VAT) per Rate

                                                                       or exemption (7.13) or

                                                                       rounding amount (8.7) is

                                                                       used

9 Payment Terms

9.1 Payment means.                                                     N/A                             Not required            Optional                             X

Disclaimer: The Arabic language is the official version of the resolution and this version is unofficial translation of the official Arabic version and in case of
any discrepancy between both versions the Arabic version prevails

                                                                                               30
For Simplified Tax Invoices, this field should specify if the
mode of payment is cash, credit/debit cards, bank transfer or
others.

9.2 Payment Terms, if mode of payment is credit                    N/A                           Not required  Optional                                             X

9.3 Supplier's Bank Account details, if mode of payment is credit  N/A                           Not required  Optional                                             X

10 Notes

10.1 Notes, to enter any information not captured in invoice       N/A                           Not required  Optional                                             X

fields

11 Special Tax Treatment

11.1 Where Tax is not charged at the standard rate, this field     Narration to be entered if    Not Required  Conditional                                          X

should have a narration "Tax treatment applied to the              Tax is not charged at basic

supply" as per Article 53 of the VAT Implementing                  rate

Regulation

12 Cryptographic Stamp                                             Cryptographic Stamp must      Not required  Mandatory                                            X

                                                                   match the Electronic Invoice

                                                                   content and the device

                                                                   Cryptographic Stamp

                                                                   Identifier

Disclaimer: The Arabic language is the official version of the resolution and this version is unofficial translation of the official Arabic version and in case of
any discrepancy between both versions the Arabic version prevails

                                                                                               31
Tax Invoice Credit/Debit Notes shall contain the following specifications:

   (1) The fields for credit / debit note should correspond exactly to the type of Electronic Invoice for which the Credit/Debit Note is issued, as specified by
        Article (54) of VAT regulations

#  Field                                                   Validation                Visibility on   Obligation   Enforced on 4th       Enforced as of
                                                                                   Invoice (such as  Mandatory    December 2021    1st of January 2023 only
                                                                                   PDF , printout,
                                                                                                     Mandatory                      for each target group
                                                                                       any other     Mandatory                           based on the
                                                                                   human readable    Conditional
                                                                                                                                   implementation waves
                                                                                         form)

  1 Type of Invoice (No change to 1.2 and 1.3)             Enumerated value        Document title                 X
1.1 Invoice Type Description                               representing Credit             is
                                                           Note / Debit Note
       Credit Note or Debit Note as per article 54 of VAT                          Credit Note or
       Implementing Regulation                                                       Debit Note

  2 Invoice Identifiers (No change to 2.1 - 2.5)           The date format should    Required                     X
  3 Date                                                       be YYYY-MM-DD       Not Required                                                 X
3.1 Note issue date as per Article 54(3) of the VAT
                                                           The format needs to be    Required                     X
       Implementing Regulation                                     HH:mm:ss
3.2 Note issue time
                                                           The date format should
3.3 Supply date                                                be YYYY-MM-DD

  4 Seller Identification (No change to 4.1 - 4.4)
  5 Buyer Identification (No change to 5.1 - 5.4)

Disclaimer: The Arabic language is the official version of the resolution and this version is unofficial translation of the official Arabic version and in case of
any discrepancy between both versions the Arabic version prevails

                                                                                               32
6 Order Reference (No change to 6.1 and 6.2)

7 Line Items (No change to 7.1 - 7.15)

8 Total Amounts (No change to 8.1 - 8.9)

9 Payment Terms (No change to 9.1 - 9.3)

10 Notes (No change)

11 Special Tax Treatment (No change)

12 Cryptographic Stamp (No change)

13 Reference

13.1 A reference to the original invoice(s) that the    N/A  Required  Conditional  X
        credit/debit note is related to

13.2 Reason for issuance of credit / debit note as per  N/A  Required  Mandatory                                                                                    X

the VAT Implementing Regulation

Disclaimer: The Arabic language is the official version of the resolution and this version is unofficial translation of the official Arabic version and in case of
any discrepancy between both versions the Arabic version prevails

                                                                                               33
A Simplified Tax Invoice Credit/Debit Note shall contain the following specifications:

#  Field                                                           Validation                   Visibility on Invoice  Obligation  Enforced                         Enforced as
                                                                                                   (such as PDF ,                  on 4th of                              of
                                                                                                                       Mandatory   December
                                                                                                printout, any other                                                     1st of
                                                                                                  human readable       Mandatory      2021                            January
                                                                                                        form)          Mandatory                                     2023 only
                                                                                                                                                                      for each
                                                                                                 Document title is      Optional                                    target group
                                                                                                Credit Note or Debit                                                  based on

                                                                                                         Note                                                            the
                                                                                                                                                                    implementa
                                                                                                      Required                                                       tion waves
                                                                                                    Not Required
1 Type of Invoice (No change to 1.2 and 1.3)                            Enumerated value                                           X
 1.1 Invoice Type Description                                      representing Credit Note or        Required
                                                                                                                                   X
        Credit Note or Debit Note as per article 54 of VAT                   Debit Note                                                             X
        Implementing Regulation                                                                                                                      X
2 Invoice Identifiers (No change to 2.1 - 2.5)                     The date format should be
3 Date                                                                     YYYY-MM-DD
 3.1 Note issue date as per Article 54(3) of the VAT Implementing
        Regulation                                                   The format needs to be
 3.2 Note issue time                                                         HH:mm:ss

 3.3 Supply date                                                   The date format should be
                                                                           YYYY-MM-DD

Disclaimer: The Arabic language is the official version of the resolution and this version is unofficial translation of the official Arabic version and in case of
any discrepancy between both versions the Arabic version prevails

                                                                                               34
4 Seller Identification (No change to 4.1 - 4.4)

5 Buyer Identification (No change to 5.1 - 5.4)

6 Order Reference (No change to 6.1 and 6.2)

7 Line Items (No change from 7.1 - 7.15)

    Total Amounts (No change from 8.1 - 8.9)
8

    Payment Terms (No change to 9.1 - 9.3)
9

10 Notes (No changes)

11 Special Tax Treatment (No changes)

12 Cryptographic Stamp (No changes)

13 Reference

13.1 A reference to the original invoice(s) that the note is related  N/A  Required  Conditional  X

to

13.2 Reason for issuance of credit / debit note as per the VAT        N/A  Required  Mandatory                                                                      X

Implementing Regulation

     In addition to all the requirements mentioned above, all detailed technical and functional requirements, business rules, and
  specifications for each of the previous fields listed in the files "Electronic XML Implementation Standards" and "Electronic Invoice
 Data Dictionary" must be abided by. These files are an essential part of this annexure and are applied alongside the annex and the

                                                                           resolution.

Disclaimer: The Arabic language is the official version of the resolution and this version is unofficial translation of the official Arabic version and in case of
any discrepancy between both versions the Arabic version prevails

                                                                                               35
